To become a good backend or infrastructure developer,
You absolutely have to read the research papers in your field.
That's because 80% of the standard interview questions you'll face are actually derived from these very papers.
So, the best way to learn is to go straight to the source material.
Instead of just chewing on the leftovers that other people have already picked through.
In this video, I'm going to share some papers that I personally think are really great.
The paper is actually pretty straightforward.
And chances are, you've heard of most of the real-world applications of these papers.
You can grab them in the comment section after you like, coin, and favorite the video!
Alright, first up we have HotRing, an optimization method for HashMap's chaining addressing proposed by Ali.
This is done by constructing a circular linked list.
Plus, it dynamically moves hot nodes to the front of the list to mitigate the performance drop caused by hash collisions.
In fact, Ali's Tail has used this algorithm for optimization.
Next up is RocksDB, the renowned embedded, on-disk key-value store.
and some papers on the development history of RocksDB.
For those interested in storage, you can also check out the WiscKey paper.
The WiscKey paper.
The paper on Vertical Paxos is one that I think is severely underrated.
In my opinion, this is a paper whose influence has been seriously underestimated.
The most common disaster recovery solution we see is actually just a service registry.
and then add a master-slave synchronization mechanism for high availability.
This paper essentially formalizes the master-slave synchronization as a type of consensus algorithm.
I've taken a look at the underlying principles of High Availability in Kafka.
And the design philosophy from this paper is likely what they're using.
The lease mechanism was first defined in this very paper.
It's now widely used in areas like heartbeat detection and the Kubernetes architecture.
Next up, PacificA. This is the highly acclaimed high-availability algorithm used by Elasticsearch.
But from a personal perspective,
I think the algorithm in this paper shares some similarities with the Vertical Paxos we just mentioned.
Unfortunately, the paper doesn't describe the connection between the two.
SWIM is an algorithm that uses gossip for service discovery.
Consul actually uses this algorithm under the hood.
But compared to Redis's service discovery algorithm, which can't even handle a few thousand machines,
I actually proposed a feature for Redis before, and the design was based on this very paper.
Right.
I'm sure you're all familiar with TiDB, the renowned masterpiece from PingCAP.
the very pillar of the renowned HTAP.
It talks about the engineering implementation of the Raft algorithm in HTAP systems.
The paper, "Paxos vs. Raft," gives us...
when describing the operations of Raft and Paxos using the same terminology,
So, what exactly are the differences between Paxos and the more mainstream Raft?
On the Parallels between Paxos and Raft
This is a paper from the team at Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
It establishes a formal correspondence between Paxos and Raft through a refinement mapping.
That's because in academia, most of the research is on Paxos.
But in the field of engineering, most people are actually implementing the Raft algorithm.
This means that for any given paper on Paxos, you can use this one to map and optimize its concepts onto Raft.
PolarFS is the distributed file system from Alibaba.
The system also introduces the Parallel Raft algorithm.
This solves the log hole problem in Raft that occurs during out-of-order commits.
X-Engine is Alibaba's OLTP storage engine.
This is the tech stack designed to handle massive traffic spikes like the Double 11 shopping festival.
It addresses these challenges through optimizations at various levels.
Dynamic Resource Allocation Using Virtual Machines for Cloud Computing Environment.
Using virtual machines for cloud...
Computing environment.
It uses traditional, non-AI algorithms for resource scheduling.
One paper that I'm personally a huge fan of is one from the team at Peking University.
In this day and age, where it seems like every paper is about using AI to manage machine loads,
I still find it to be a real breath of fresh air.
So, the papers we're covering in this video are a bit more niche compared to the last batch.
But they are all papers that I've personally read and found to be pretty good.
If you enjoyed the video, don't forget to like, share, and subscribe to support the channel!
