CEOs in the physical world don't dare to gamble.
I guess I'm just a bit bolder.
We made a huge gamble.
So we just shut down our entire previous system.
And that system cost us several billion.
Intuitively, what would be a downside of He Xiaopeng's skillset?
I think, once you break down anyone's skills,
you'll find that this person actually has a lot of shortcomings.
So what do robots mean for Xpeng?
I think, in this world, there are probably many different solutions.
And we chose to go with a humanoid robot, one that is as human-like as possible.
So, what are your odds of success?
We're looking at about a 20% chance.
In an era of such dramatic technological change,
Do you feel anxious?
Of course I'm anxious.
Because you realize that a lot of your old ways of thinking,
Even the foundational theorems and paradigms underlying your entire logical framework...
even down to the level of your axioms.
Your values, your outlook on life, your entire worldview...
With all these things changing, the old ways just don't work anymore.
So, have you made it out of that sea of blood today?
I think everyone is still in the swim.
And I don't think anyone has really made it out yet.
A promise left unfulfilled, a dream that is never-ending.
Hello.
Hello, everyone.
and I'm Xiao Jun.
Unfinished Promise is...
a co-production of Weibo Finance and the 'Language is the World' Studio.
a co-produced interview program.
And our guest today is He Xiaopeng, the founder and CEO of XPeng Group.
and let's talk about his explorations in physical AI.
But he's still got a lot of secrets he can't share.
Before we officially kick off the show,
I'd like to start by asking about your personal experience with AI lately.
Let's do a little survey.
So, what are the AI products you've been using the most recently?
Well, I don't actually use that many.
I'd say it's still the more traditional AI products like Qwen and Doubao.
But when it comes to coding,
But within our team, we're using it a ton right now.
But personally, I'm not willing to use it myself.
And they asked me why.
Xpeng, you have to use it yourself.
I'll give you a very interesting example.
I said, think back to when we were building internet products.
If you use a product every single day,
you'll quickly get into the nitty-gritty details.
For instance, you might find that certain skills aren't very user-friendly.
If you understand it,
And you start to think,
I believe its advantages have a very long runway ahead.
But once you start diving into it,
you'll start to see its flaws and all the problems it has.
And then all your focus goes into finding a way to solve them.
For instance, issues with multi-person collaboration, coding problems, and a whole host of other related challenges.
Instead, it keeps you from looking further ahead.
So, when it comes to the fast-paced changes in technology and the capabilities of many products...
My personal take is, use it, but don't get too deep into it.
Especially when you're in the top spot.
But for the grassroots level,
Or, let's say, some product lines that are strongly tied to it.
You just have to encourage them, and let them try whatever method they see fit.
In the end, it's all about the results.
And then finally, gradually consolidate it all into one.
That's a better way to do it.
When it comes to AI coding, for the top leader of a company...
Does it even make any sense?
So, what impact do you think this will have on, let's say, XPeng,
or even Xpeng,
or for the entire automotive industry,
or the smart driving industry for that matter,
So what kind of changes will it bring?
I think it's a really great tool for junior programmers.
For now, it's still just an auxiliary tool.
But maybe in two to three years,
It will force entry-level programmers to level up to a senior tier.
But I think for things like assisted driving,
or other strong AI capabilities,
I think its help becomes much more limited.
It's just one of the tools.
If you truly want to build the entire infrastructure,
to build the whole system up.
Actually, in and of itself,
You can think of it as something that helps everyone at the application layer.
That's AI coding.
But when it comes to the kernel level,
For example, let's say you want to write an operating system.
I think the absolute core of it all is the infrastructure.
rather than the coding itself.
So, how many tokens are you guys using on a monthly basis right now?
how many tokens the company will use,
We don't really look at it that way.
Actually, a lot of people are talking about this.
have been talking about this over the past year.
And for small to medium-sized digital companies,
and a lot of people bring this up.
I think it's going to be incredibly important.
But for large and medium-sized digital companies, I think you just need to pay them some attention.
They shouldn't go too broad.
Because for some companies, the business supported by digitalization,
might not necessarily be digital.
There might be non-digital ones, uh-huh.
What's really interesting is,
How many tokens does a non-digital company even need?
If you take our cars, for instance,
We actually ran a little interesting stat on that.
With our new generation VLA, if you only use it for three to four hours a day,
how many tokens it would use.
I can't recall the exact number off the top of my head.
Of course, that's just for internal circulation.
You can think of it this way,
So, let's look at it from another angle.
So, what this means is, for digital AI...
the number of tokens an AI can use
is far, far fewer than the number of tokens an AI would need to operate in the physical world.
But in reality, that's not what matters.
Because it's not about using a person to fulfill its needs, but an AI.
an autonomous car,
You can think of it as an automatic machine.
How many tokens is it using?
So, when it comes to these two fields,
I see them as two different perspectives.
So, in the physical world...
In my perspective, the use of tokens in the future will be about machines...
how many Tokens you use yourself,
and how much value is created for both the machine and the human user.
and how many tokens we can use to create value for both people and enterprises.
That's a whole different dimension.
So, its metrics should be different.
So, for its North Star Metric, what do you think would be a reasonable number?
I don't know.
Internally, I try my best not to put any controls on tokens for the team.
A lot of people ask why we don't control tokens.
We cut an entire year's worth of expenses in just one quarter.
I think if they can actually pull it off,
And for me, the most crucial part is managing the most abnormal cases.
the top 10 scenarios.
I think everything else can be pretty open.
Because you can't be sure that spending a thousand RMB per person, per month is the right move.
or even ten thousand RMB is what's truly valuable.
And take our monthly salaries, for example.
is very likely to far exceed that amount.
If they're truly capable of spending more money to generate even greater value,
So why would you want to restrict that?
So where are the company's main resources being allocated right now?
I think it's mainly GIC.
Actually, it was the merger of our autonomous driving and cockpit teams.
And that team is huge.
I think 'token' is a term more for internal use within a company.
In a way,
You can say how many H100s you've used.
I have no idea how many tokens we could use in a single day.
I haven't really figured out that conversion ratio yet.
So, what we're calculating is, for example,
Let's say I give you 30,000 H100s, or even 50,000.
What kind of application can use it with high efficiency and high performance?
So within that,
Let's take a look at the utilization of this computing power.
To be honest, I don't really pay much attention to token usage.
You just mentioned outliers. What kind of outliers are they?
Let me give you an example.
We've recently put a whole new system in place specifically for data control.
Uh...
Everyone talks about the value of data,
I think very few companies are seeing the sheer cost of data right now.
Because in the realm of digital AI, the volume of data is tiny.
You can get by with just a few dozen terabytes for training.
But for us, a single training session can use anywhere from tens to hundreds of terabytes.
So, it all comes down to how you manage the data.
So, the storage costs are a massive expense.
We're probably spending, in a single year,
all in direct, hard costs, amounting to over a billion yuan.
So, the question becomes, what data is actually valuable?
Which data is only temporarily valuable?
Which data needs to be used in real-time?
and which data can be used after a warm-up period.
And the amount of money spent on each one of these is in the tens of millions.
And then you can start running the analysis.
And then you can start to optimize.
In fact, there's a huge potential for efficiency gains.
This is the logic behind lowering costs and boosting efficiency.
And it's actually the same for computing power.
We have separate teams for data and for computing power.
to exclusively handle this matter.
But that's not really what we focus on.
I see a lot of companies talking about the number of tokens their engineers use.
I think that number, when you compare it to the number of tokens used by the machine,
and the number of tokens required to train a physical-world AI model.
Those are all incredibly small numbers.
Lately, the concept of 'skills' has been getting a lot of buzz.
If we were to train a 'He Xiaopeng Skill'...
So what kind of training data do you think it should be fed?
So, what would that skill be like?
I think when it comes to digital models versus physical models,
Right now, it's still relatively easy to codify the skills of entry-level white-collar and blue-collar workers.
are relatively easy to be 'skill-ized'.
If I can already articulate a clear line of logic right now,
So what does this deskilling mean?
It means it's not just the basic blue-collar and white-collar jobs.
but even the higher-end white-collar and blue-collar jobs.
This will involve tremendous risks for everyone.
CEOs can be replaced.
Perhaps in a few decades, or maybe a century from now...
By then, my abilities could indeed be replaced by skills.
But by then, perhaps every CEO, including us, will have developed even stronger...
more comprehensive capabilities.
He might have given up on A, B, and C,
but gained new skills DEF in return.
Because that's a question we've not just thought about,
We've deeply considered it.
Because we are currently involved in a lot of robotics work.
Because, actually, if you look at it from another angle...
I think in this space,
In fact, there are two very important contradictions at play here.
I think for most people, they'd be thinking, how do I...
or package his abilities into a set of skills.
But from a model's perspective,
So how would I know that your skillification process actually produced the right capability?
and constantly being online.
For instance, within a physical simulation model, you can perform reinforcement learning.
But in reality, with this stuff,
It's completely different from coding, or even from autonomous driving.
Coding and autonomous driving, relatively speaking, are quite clear-cut.
I know what's wrong, yeah.
But let's say, for instance, we try to 'skillify' He Xiaopeng himself.
it's very difficult to figure out what the right way to 'He Xiaopeng-ify' it is,
or what's wrong.
It's extremely difficult.
So, within a system like this,
The point is, we're building the framework ourselves.
rather than just using a system that someone else has already built.
From my perspective,
So these are completely two different perspectives, really.
It's a whole drama.
So, intuitively, what would you say is a weakness of He Xiaopeng's skillset? A flaw?
I think once a person's abilities are systematized into 'key skills'...
you'll find that this person actually has a ton of flaws.
What about you? Of course, we all do.
As a CEO,
So, do you think your current AI capabilities are enough?
I don't know.
I think for many companies in the digital world,
I think they could probably dedicate, say, tens of percent of their work to AI.
But I don't think that's the case for the physical world.
XPeng is an enterprise with tens of thousands of employees.
I think spending 15 to 20 percent on AI is appropriate.
And the AI I'm talking about is an umbrella term.
This includes our autonomous driving,
and our robotics.
We consider all of these to fall under the broader umbrella of AI.
I think that's more than enough.
Well, there's a topic I'm very keen to discuss with you today.
So, if you have AI companies on one side,
and a manufacturing company on the other.
So, how do you strike a balance between the two?
Do you find yourself caught in a dilemma, feeling pulled in different directions?
So, are you ultimately choosing to be an AI company, or a traditional manufacturing-based car company?
Actually, I don't see it that way.
I'm sorry.
The way I see it, there are a few different kinds of R&D when it comes to cars.
I think the first one is hardware R&D.
The second is software development.
And AI is just one part of that.
one part of the software.
And I think there's one more: R&D for manufacturing.
Going back to what you were just saying, Xiao Jun...
R&D for hardware and manufacturing are two different capabilities.
For instance, you might have the ability to design a very beautiful table and chair.
But you might not be able to actually build it.
These are two different skill sets.
And this is why, I think, for an automotive company...
In fact, developing these four capabilities is the fundamental foundation.
And in the future, we might even see a fifth one.
At least, that's my take on it.
But just last year, you were still calling yourselves an AI car company.
This year, XPeng Motors just completed a rebranding.
saying that Xiaomi Auto is now called XPENG Group.
You're now calling yourselves a 'Physical AI' company.
So what's the reason behind this name change?
From an AI car company to a Physical AI company.
So, what's the change here?
I think this change is just the beginning.
And there's still so much that's hard to articulate clearly.
But I can shed some light on it.
For example, let's take XPeng's first ten years,
So, during the first 10 years of this entrepreneurial journey,
In fact, everything we did revolved around three core words, or six characters in Chinese.
or in other words, smart electric vehicles.
So, looking back at the last decade of entrepreneurship,
We built our first car,
and then put it into mass production,
sold our first 100,000 units,
then build a second model, and so on.
And it would just get stuck in that kind of cycle.
But the reality is, 12 years ago...
And that was back in 2014, when XPeng Motors was founded.
Yeah.
hardly anyone believed in the idea of smart technology.
But a small minority did believe in electrification.
More people believed that the auto business was just about the individual car.
So, back in 2025, which was actually last year...
Everyone was convinced that electrification was the future.
Because from China to the rest of the world, what everyone saw...
a shift towards new energy sources.
So, over the past few years,
In reality, even though intelligent technology has been advancing incredibly fast,
In the automotive sector,
But in reality, I think the progress has been far from satisfactory.
Because, even dating back much earlier, there have been many companies...
From Toyota to Google, to China's Baidu,
Overseas, you have automakers like Tesla, and in China, companies such as Xpeng...
We've all been pouring a lot of effort into assisted driving.
In a way, I think it did achieve some results.
But it just didn't have enough sophistication.
In other words, back then, I still believed it was all about the AI algorithms.
combined with the capabilities of software-based rules.
I jokingly call it a 'stitched-together monstrosity'.
In reality, the robot wasn't designed to be fully AI-driven.
nor was it utilizing the full capabilities of the AI model itself.
to build this system.
The logic is still primarily software-based.
At XPeng, we feel that we also encountered a very significant change last year.
So, what that means is, at the time, we were actually working on two different generations in parallel.
the new intelligent assisted driving system.
Internally, we call it the first generation of VLA.
VLA's second generation... and our VLA's first generation.
Essentially, we're taking what we had in the previous end-to-end framework and just scaling it up.
and scaling up the model.
and reduce the reliance on hard-coded rules in the software.
and expanding the scenarios and scope of its application.
This enhances the back-end capabilities.
For instance, reinforcement learning.
like post-training,
So that's one approach.
But actually, another possible direction is to say,
How do I let go of the old, end-to-end logic
Instead, what we're doing is using a much larger foundation model.
is thinking more about how to first push the upper limits of autonomous driving.
and then work on raising the floor.
And by 'closing the gap on the lower bound,' what I mean is simply making fewer mistakes.
according to the agreement you've set,
and act in ways that meet your expectations.
and is capable of movement.
But in reality, its generalization capabilities...
and performs poorly in many areas.
For example,
The thing is, as of today, no self-driving company's software
that can drive smoothly in an underground parking garage.
What all these systems offer in parking lots is what's called memory-assisted driving.
In reality, it's only after it's driven the route once...
It knows where your parking spot is,
what your general driving route looks like,
The thing is, its understanding of the entire physical world...
is extremely low.
The core issue is that it's just not smart enough.
Its ceiling is just too low.
So you could say that to achieve something really great, you need to unlock a potential of ten thousand points.
But they were probably all just around the one-thousand-point mark.
This is just a hypothetical.
So, let's look at it from another angle.
It was around this time last year, I'd say.
our next-generation VLA
I feel like it opened a whole new door for me.
I think its potential could be from, say, a hundred thousand points all the way up to a million.
But back then, the downside was also brutal.
Originally, you'd expect to build a product,
and a floor score of 900.
At this point, you're pretty capable.
But back then, the baseline might have only been 100 points.
So, compared to others,
the baseline for our own products had to be set even lower.
Plus, its engineering side was plagued with tons of problems.
But in the end, we made a huge bet.
So, let's just say, in the past, we used a software-engineering approach.
We took the software process and叠加了 (stacked on) the algorithms and tools of AI.
Including what you just mentioned about coding.
You could think of it as being part of a business workflow, but it's still within the realm of software.
In certain key parts of the tools and processes, we do use AI.
But we believed that was the wrong approach.
So, this is still just stitching things together, isn't it?
The output is still just software.
Because you're still using a software methodology.
You're using AI as a toolbox to create more powerful software.
I'd call it an 'AI Frankenstein's monster'.
Last year, we made a massive transformation, which was also a huge gamble.
We just shut down our entire old system.
And that system cost us a good few billion.
And when was this, last year?
Around this time, last year. And the reason?
I don't think it can achieve true autonomous driving.
And I don't think it's possible to allow for the true generalization of robots either.
For instance, let's say we walk into a venue we've never been to before.
The robot can walk over and say, "Hello, Jun."
and then sit down.
And then you might say, "You know what? I'm not going to offer you a glass of water."
And it would say, "Yeah, I don't need it."
I think it's probably a system of strong rules, combined with a few algorithms.
utilizing one of the AI's capabilities.
So at that moment, we made a judgment call for ourselves...
The thing is, with smart electric vehicles...
What we were aiming for was a car that's incredibly intelligent.
But the method we were using meant it would never be infinitely smart.
So why did it take until last year to realize this?
So, XPeng has been around for 11 years, right?
And you guys got into intelligent systems pretty early on, too.
I think the vast majority of them are not approaching it from the perspective of physical AI.
to look at something.
I think Physical AI is going to change a lot of things.
They are two completely different things.
Different methodologies, different paths.
But the vast majority of people still view digital AI from a purely research-oriented perspective.
In a way, digital AI is actually based on human language.
Physical AI, on the other hand, doesn't use human language.
Digital AI is human language.
it's highly generalized and condensed.
Exactly. That's why language is the world.
But in the physical world...
Just think about the sheer volume of data each one of us is exposed to every single day.
is just way too vast to be summarized, described, restored, or replicated with language.
Let's look at it from another angle.
I once met a CEO in the auto industry
AI in the digital world is easy to use.
After learning about it, you'd think, 'Okay, I think I get the logic behind it.'
and just apply it, scale it, and use it.
But back then, not a single CEO would say, "I'm going all in on this."
Because I just don't know how truly effective it is.
Because you have to understand, in the digital AI market...
For a lot of models, it's all just about running benchmarks and comparing scores.
But in the world of physical AI, I think that's just ridiculous.
Because it's not just about competing on the upper limit,
Like, for example, just running a benchmark score.
It also has to compete on the lower end.
It has to guarantee the baseline performance.
And it also has to compete on breadth.
For example, your quality.
your costs, your materials, your attention to detail,
the extent of what regulations will allow.
All of these are what we call the 'weak links' in the chain.
Strengths and weaknesses.
and narrows need to be broadened.
And the weak spots need to be strengthened.
And the long board needs to be made even longer.
So, in the digital world,
The key is to focus on the long board.
and they don't pay much attention to the other two.
So, in the physical world, a CEO either doesn't dare to make the bet...
Or they might think, 'I've still got so many other planks in my barrel.'
What was I supposed to do?
I guess I'm probably just bolder than most.
Back then, I wasn't sure if it could solve our weak spots either.
Can it turn my biggest weakness into a strength?
We made a huge bet.
So, we believed, and I believe, in Physical AI.
to think differently.
and a different process.
The fundamental structure of the organization itself needs a complete overhaul.
that's how we might be able to do something truly different.
So, the path we're on...
is completely different from the path taken by many of the large model companies we see today,
or companies that build applications on top of models.
we are on a completely different path.
And that's why...
I see these 'token' companies as all being application-focused.
What they care about, we've actually been on a completely different plane for a long time now.
Because, back when I was working on smart electric vehicles...
But there was always one thing I found particularly painful.
I mean, no matter how you look at it,
the proportion of what a customer needs that is hardware,
is far greater than 50%.
Right. And I believe that in the coming decade,
most likely,
Hardware and software could each take up 50% of that.
So, you have to use AI to fundamentally reboot your entire organization.
design the integration of your hardware and software,
and in turn, unlock greater value from AI.
Only then, perhaps in the next decade,
possibly within this new decade,
the comprehensive value of a software's performance and capabilities—the value users are actually willing to pay for.
will account for, say, a car...
or even 50% of a robot's value.
I think that's a very significant shift.
And that's why at XPeng, we've started to rethink our approach.
on how to integrate physical... and 'physical' includes cars,
And this isn't just limited to cars, but to what can be deeply integrated with AI.
Our AI, in fact, deals with digital AI...
I think they're all basically just for using.
Take Claude Code for example, it's fantastic.
I... I would use Claude Code.
If DeepSeek V4 is also really good in certain areas,
And the cost is also fantastic.
then I would switch that portion of our work over to it.
We built a Hub.
The switch can be made very easily.
But with Physical AI,
the models are different,
The data for physical AI is different.
The infrastructure for Physical AI is different.
So, the final effect it produces...
If we can successfully connect all three of those building blocks I just mentioned,
then we might be able to create something truly different.
So, that's the general framework of what we can talk about.
But I think that's all I can say for now.
So, what exactly happened last April?
So why make such a massive bet last April?
Did something trigger it?
Oh, no. Not really.
It was really about experiencing different capabilities.
Last March, I was thinking...
Why does every company seem to think that...
using a simpler methodology and achieving faster results,
you can just whip up a seemingly good-enough autonomous driving system.
And they're not wrong.
But after working on it for a year or two,
you start to realize that to solve for so many of its shortcomings,
it was actually limiting its own strengths.
So, it realized it could never reach Level 4 or Level 5.
So, that was an idea we had back at the beginning of last year.
Maybe this path was just a shortcut.
But it wasn't the main road.
It's a small path.
We need to find a major thoroughfare.
To actually make it happen,
Perhaps, about that 50-50 value split between hardware and software I just mentioned.
And when I talk about 'value,' I'm not talking about how the tech guys think about it.
It's the value that customers are willing to pay for.
A user is willing to say, 'I'll buy a 300,000 RMB car.'
Let's say 150k of that is for your hardware.
and the other 150,000 is for the comprehensive capabilities of your software.
So, does a car like that even exist?
Not right now.
But I'm certain that will change within this decade.
So, you have changes in the physical world and changes in AI.
We've had to completely rethink everything.
I think this is a very crucial point.
So, as we look ahead to this new decade for XPeng,
And what everyone will see is,
I think we'll probably still talk about smart electric vehicles,
and it will remain our core focus.
But we're no longer just thinking in terms of electric...
or the traditional automotive way to think about intelligence.
Instead, we've shifted our entire logic.
And for everything we consider as a company, starting from the planning phase,
Or rather, from strategic planning all the way to the R&D process.
everything would be gradually adjusted.
Was there a specific, pivotal meeting around March or April of last year?
Within the company,
So you made this huge gamble.
So, the first half of last year was when XPeng's sales were starting to pick up, right?
And then I started thinking more about the direction for the next decade.
I think it wasn't a matter of a single meeting. It was basically a snap decision that just clicked in my head.
to go all in.
I think it was around the end of the third quarter last year.
At the end of the third quarter, we made a huge move.
We took our entire autonomous driving center...
We completely restructured the core organization.
In every given period of time, there are always a great number of brilliant minds out there.
But everyone has their own惯性, their own ingrained ways of doing things.
You get used to doing things the old way.
You should leverage the latest tools and technologies to build something better.
And I think that's the right approach, most of the time.
But there are also many times when you have to completely change your methodology.
So I believe it's about adjusting your methodology, your mindset.
So it sounds like that was a decision you made in your head.
Internally, there probably wasn't one single,标志性 meeting to mark it.
or a specific turning point.
But once you'd made that decision,
So, what did you do right after that?
So, this is what you call an 'AI-driven organization'
Using AI for design.
integrated software and hardware.
So, what's next?
So, for an organization of this scale,
Could you share your steps with us?
So I can't really apologize for any of this, sorry.
So these are the things we're working on.
Of course, it's something we're tackling in stages.
All I can say is,
Different businesses require different pacing.
For the same business unit, the core issue is always about the leadership and the organization.
In reality, it's an incredibly difficult task.
So, why the insistence on an AI-driven approach?
So, what happens when you stick with the old way of thinking?
Well, you're just working within the logic of the software.
because you're just creating a more complex monstrosity.
It's like trying to renovate a house.
You'll be using more materials, more techniques, and leveraging AI.
But the methodology is still about fixing an old house.
What you end up with is still the same old house.
It's just that the repairs might be a bit faster.
But we're looking for something different.
When it comes to the very foundation of something truly different,
At the most fundamental stage, people need to see results.
That's how you earn their belief.
But as the CEO of a company,
I think so. Sometimes, you have to have faith in the milestones along the way.
You have to show everyone what you're doing.
Because it can boost everyone's confidence.
and boost leadership.
A lot of the time, it's about making strategic moves because you have the belief in them.
But for a small company like ours,
it's a whole different ball game compared to a large corporation.
Despite XPeng being a startup,
But in terms of scale,
in terms of headcount, it's already quite large, with tens of thousands of employees.
So, how do you manage such a large group of people and keep them on track?
I think it's a completely different ball game.
that kind of behavior.
So, it's really difficult for me to share insights on the planning and organization of our physical AI endeavors at this point.
So that's why, just now, when you asked me that question...
I've already told you it's a question I can't answer.
First, we're still in the testing phase, running trials.
And second, we don't share any of our plans or goals externally.
So, why are there some things you just don't talk about?
Because it's very difficult to find someone who can accurately discuss it with you.
You can only listen to the thoughts and opinions of many different people.
but most of them are probably wrong.
Because none of them are giving you advice from a big-picture perspective.
They're all just looking from a certain angle.
But the big picture, that's on you.
These different angles come from various friends and your own line of reasoning.
You have to bring it all together.
And in the end, you're the one who places the bet.
It's a lot like starting a business.
I've heard you've become more of a risk-taker over the past three years. Is that right?
Not really.
I think it's just that, a lot of the time,
you know, when you have to place a bet,
the sooner you do, the better.
It's not that I've become a bigger risk-taker.
It was around the end of 2022.
Back when XPeng was facing a lot of challenges,
So, I came up with two ideas at that time.
So they are both related to taking a gamble.
The first is to never admit defeat.
Right.
The second is being willing to face the consequences of a loss.
So...
In fact...
If you can manage to bring these two things together effectively,
and strike a balance,
This means that even when facing immense difficulties,
you have to keep going.
Maybe with just one more push, you'll get through it.
and it just might make it, uh...
But you have to have the right mindset to pull through.
Like I was just saying,
So when it came to the second-generation VLA, I believed we had to go all in on it.
And in the end, we made the firm decision to completely stop the first generation of VLA.
From the business side to the tech side...
all the way down to the organizational level.
So it was a massive...
In a moment like this, the more you hesitate, the longer you wait...
The more you want to wait and see,
And the more you think, 'Let's just wait another six months,' the harder it's going to be to succeed.
Ah,
So, the judgment call you have to make here, in terms of measurement...
That's a really fascinating point.
But I believe that in a few years,
Perhaps we'll talk about it again when we've achieved even greater success.
Maybe we'll talk about it then.
I think, as we go through this process today...
First of all, every company must forge its own path.
Looking at our scale today,
You have to analyze and think critically.
Finding a path that's right for you is what matters most.
And second, everything that's been done in digital AI...
a lot of it can't be replicated in physical AI.
It's a whole different world.
A lot of people talk about embodied AI,
I was even laughing about it back then.
I said, 'First of all, have you ever actually run a business in the physical world?'
If you haven't even successfully built a business in the physical world,
to just coming from a digital world,
to analyze the definitions and laws of the physical world.
to build an AI for the physical world.
I think that's still a narrow definition of the physical world.
But this physical world also involves many, many things that are related to people.
The environment of this physical world, its regulations...
And finally, there's the business side of things.
It's all one cohesive issue.
What can be prioritized,
and what should come later.
Of course, from a pure research perspective, you can ignore all of that.
But if you're looking at it from an engineering perspective,
and then to the scale of mass production.
and then again to the commercial product stage,
and finally, to the perspective of a mass-market product.
you have to think broader and deeper.
rather than just the logic of having two or three strengths.
And that's why I can't give you a simple answer.
I think, you can go and ask any CEO from a digital AI company in the past.
CEO.
None of them will tell you.
the thought process behind their own transformation in AI.
Because you never know if it's going to work out.
And second, they won't share it with you.
But that's a common challenge everyone is facing today, right?
The bottom line is, we absolutely had to transform.
I don't entirely agree with that statement.
So where can digital AI lead to a successful transformation today?
And for which ones it's not necessary. For a large corporation,
For a company with 10,000 or 50,000 employees, delaying the transition by just three days could increase the probability of success by 15%.
But for a micro-company,
If he uses a homogenized methodology and a homogenized organization today,
it won't change a thing.
It can take a gamble.
Because it's small.
And the ways that today's AI can help us basically fall into three categories.
The first one, I think, is the simple analyst.
In fact, there are many areas where I don't even use analysts anymore.
AI is helping me analyze things.
The second is the simple programmer.
And third, a simple designer.
In reality, it's still primarily playing a supporting role.
It has improved efficiency,
It didn't replace anything.
And it doesn't have any mega-scale synergistic effects either.
It hasn't even come close to reaching that point.
So, let's look at it from another angle.
As for the small and micro companies in these three sectors,
I think it's a much better fit.
The pace should be even faster.
But for those not related to these three directions,
Maybe a little later on.
And as for Physical AI,
But the truth is, nobody's really figured it out clearly yet.
So, what jobs exist in the world of physical AI?
So, I just mentioned three types of roles. Which ones are the easiest to get into?
and where we should prioritize implementing them.
From what I've seen, most discussions are about how this will disrupt the world.
is to use AI to improve efficiency.
They have no idea at all.
So, from my perspective, I think there's some truth to that, from certain angles.
But from certain perspectives, it makes absolutely no sense.
We actually believe that in the physical world, a lot of job roles are going to change.
far more than in the digital world.
Because in this world,
If we used to talk about 360 different professions, well now, there are probably 36,000 different jobs.
We believe that in the digital world, the number of jobs is, relatively speaking, quite limited.
Now, a lot of people might see it differently.
A lot of people say, aren't there more white-collar jobs than blue-collar ones?
and there are tons of white-collar jobs.
and they are also positions that blend the digital and physical worlds.
In a way, that's actually true.
I think if we look at the physical world today, let's just say for a start,
Google placed its bet on autonomous driving back in 2009.
And now, 17 years later,
I think Waymo is a solution that's both good and very bad at the same time.
And why is that?
The 'good' part is that I think their technical capabilities are solid.
But I think it will have a hard time going global.
I think, looking at the past,
Level 4 technology is, by its very nature, a more advanced patchwork monster.
It's difficult for it to achieve extremely powerful generalization within AI.
I don't think it's a particularly brilliant methodology.
Of course, Google is doing a lot of things with their new large models now.
But I think that could change in the future.
But as of right now, I haven't really seen that.
So, let's look at it from another angle.
Let me just give a couple of examples, right?
Even just to make driving easier and safer for the driver,
or get to your destination faster.
We're all drivers here.
And I've been working on just that for 17 years now.
No single company has been able to do it exceptionally well.
Alright, let's look at it from another angle.
There are many, many small companies,
with a skeleton crew
teams of just a dozen people saying, 'I'm going to change the world with AI coding'.
Well, I personally think they completely underestimated it.
the diversity and complexity of change in the physical world.
It's like how we started out in the mobile internet era.
and stormed into the auto industry.
Everyone thinks that if I just do one thing to perfection...
And that if we just pushed it a little further, we'd be all set.
No, because you're thinking about it in the wrong dimension.
You're thinking in terms of the digital dimension.
You're just pushing the digital dimension to its absolute limit.
its value proposition could be tiny.
So, when you made that big bet last year,
Were there any negative voices within the company?
Were there any opposing voices?
Absolutely.
I think most of the non-AI executives felt that...
that no matter if you chose A or B, you'd probably be wrong.
Because back then, their understanding of AI just wasn't strong enough.
I think that for most of the executives involved in AI,
Some people were all in, saying yes.
Others thought it was just... low.
But most of them were somewhere in the middle.
We just weren't sure if we were pacing it right.
They weren't sure if this could actually yield any tangible results.
Honestly, I felt the exact same way back then.
But that's the fun of it, the thrill of entrepreneurship.
I mean, isn't entrepreneurship for everyone all about building on what you're capable of at that very moment?
Are you betting on a 10x, or even a 1000-fold, return?
If you're betting on a 1000x return,
Your odds are just one in a thousand.
But for a 10x return,
then your chances of success might be one in ten.
So it's just like the very first bet you make when you start a business.
As your startup grows in scale,
you still have to take that gamble.
It's just that, at that point, you shouldn't be making a bet with 1000-to-1 odds.
You might be betting on something with odds of, say, a few times to 10 times the return.
So, what was the biggest opposition you've ever faced?
I think the biggest opposition was that a lot of people just voted with their feet.
Well, how should I put it...
What 'voting with their feet' means is very simple.
They just didn't believe it could be done.
They felt it was unachievable.
So, they just left.
to go off and do other things.
I think, when it comes to a company today,
I think when it comes to thinking about an organization...
Just remember, don't try to chop down a giant tree with a tiny knife.
and just chip away at it.
If you've made up your mind, just cut it down.
So, when it comes to certain things, you're willing to place your bet.
From the organizational structure to the workflows,
Right. From the direction, everything had to be changed, completely.
So, the changes you made last year were pretty massive, right?
Right, what people see is probably just the top layer.
the business or application layer.
But internally, what we saw went all the way down to the very root of the problem.
So, this is what I've always wanted to say.
It's incredibly important to figure out how to use AI to drive specific business areas.
rather than using hardware to drive the entire system.
I've listened to many of your shows, and they're basically all about digital AI, right.
Basically, no one in an organization of tens of thousands...
We need to think about AI from the perspective of having extensive, robust interactions with the real physical world.
What I want to say is,
replicating their methodologies into physical AI.
I think there are many aspects where it's just not a good fit.
Maybe some parts of the business logic are correct,
But they're just not comprehensive or thorough enough.
And that was the biggest problem.
So at this point, what I really want to ask you is...
So, how exactly do you develop Physical AI?
and trying to push it forward within an established organization.
I don't think I can give you a straight answer on that.
Because I'm still figuring it out myself.
From my perspective,
Right now, there are four major directions in AI.
One is figuring out how digital AI will evolve.
And I think, in this area, you've got a lot of people already thinking about it and taking action.
I think the second one is physical AI.
And it's probably 100 times harder than digital AI.
But I think starting from 2027 or 2028,
People will start to see the impact of Physical AI.
We'll start to see things similar to ChatGPT,
and massive changes in digital AI, like what we're seeing with Anthropic.
In other words, which specific jobs has it provided significant help for?
and possibly even replacement in the long run.
So, that's the second point.
And the second point is, I don't think anyone today has truly...
I think, aside from Google working on AI for the human body,
and couple the two very well.
Because the pharmaceutical industry is an incredibly complex field.
including elderly care.
I think for the human body, it's not just about the internal circulation.
but also the external ones.
And the fourth point, I think, is a really tough one.
The question is, how do you couple a company with AI?
Actually, integrating AI into specific departments or centralized hubs is relatively straightforward.
But for a company as a whole, that's a much bigger challenge.
But what I'm seeing now is that there are a lot of smaller companies,
the ones with probably under 1,000 employees,
I feel like they're starting to explore more.
And I think that's a really great point.
Actually, we are also constantly observing and learning.
and will do the same when the time is right.
So, I believe that for corporate AI...
So today, this presents an opportunity for companies of all sizes.
So, for a company like XPeng right now,
So this is a period of transformation for you as well, isn't it?
Yes, and it's going to be a period of transformation for the long haul.
Technological changes, on the other hand, can happen in the span of a month.
But for an organization to change...
And I'm not talking about a small organization here.
First of all, if we're talking about a global, mid-sized organization,
I think to get it all done in three years would be an incredibly terrifying pace.
I'd even say that 5 to 10 years is already considered fast.
In an era of such radical technological transformation,
Do you feel anxious?
being a CEO,
Of course I am. And just how anxious?
Because you'll find that a lot of your previous logic...
and even the very foundation of your logic,
the paradigms and principles you once held sacred,
or even deeper,
perhaps even down to the axiomatic level.
Basically, your values, your philosophy on life, and your worldview.
you'll feel that with all these changes,
It’s like the old logic just doesn't work anymore.
But the question is, what's the new logic? How is it supposed to work?
Remember, there's a difference between seeing a problem, solving a problem, and building a system to...
and avoiding problems in a way that sets a high ceiling while also preventing a low floor.
These are three completely different levels of capability.
A lot of people just spot problems.
You know, back in the day, before I started my own business,
I also see countless problems.
But when you're an entrepreneur,
You'll find that a lot of problems, they're just supposed to be there.
You simply can't solve the problem.
You're a CEO.
you still can't solve them.
Even if you're someone with greater authority,
you can't solve it either.
Because the problem you're seeing is just one small part, from a single perspective, of a much bigger global issue.
Uh-huh.
So, this is a really fascinating topic.
So, about that anxiety you were just talking about...
That means you're constantly having to rebuild your own theorems.
Or even axioms. What kind of axioms from the past have you had to推翻?
What were some things you believed in very firmly in the past?
And now, we feel like it just doesn't work in this day and age.
Let me give you an example that's not related to this...
But let me give you an example that's only slightly related.
Take XPeng's work on autonomous driving, for example.
After working on it for many years,
The more you work on it,
the more you feel like Level 5 is just never going to happen, right?
Because when you think about it, using software to cover every scenario, every regulation in the world... and the human-machine interaction—I'm talking about HMI,
Or, to be more precise, I'm talking about the 'human' in 'human-machine interaction'.
It's the interaction between humans and the world.
You'll find it's just an endless loop.
But when you actually use AI to completely rebuild this from the ground up,
Once you start to believe it's actually possible,
And when you think it might actually be possible,
You start to see many of the so-called old barriers and conventional logic in a completely new light.
Ah...
That's all I can say on the matter for now.
So I won't go into more detail.
Speaking of AI, let's not talk about cars first.
Because the automotive industry is a well-established business that's been around for a very long time.
So, let's start with your robots.
Your robot made quite a splash last year, both in China and internationally.
Could you tell us the story of how this product came to be?
So, I heard that back in 2023...
So you've bet big on the direction of general-purpose humanoid robots, is that right?
Actually, XPeng's robotics development can be broken down into three stages.
The first one was from 2018 to 2020.
It was an independent team.
Back then, it was just like many other robotics teams in China.
And you were the one who acquired them, right? It was around that time, there were about four or five companies all working on quadrupeds.
So, what about 2020?
Then, 2023 marked the beginning of our second phase.
So, it took us about three and a half to four years.
We reached three different milestones.
I think it was, uh...
I think that was the second phase.
We tried a lot of things within this process.
We tried making robots the 'robotic' way,
We tried integrating them using our automotive approach,
and at times, we even tried to stitch different approaches together to build our robots.
We've had our share of both successes and failures with each approach.
Then, after 2023, it was a whole new ball game, a completely different logic.
Then in 2022, we saw this new model.
We thought that for robots, creating a successful 'brain' was simply impossible.
meaning the chances of succeeding without a brain were zero.
Because, in reality, the complexity of the cerebellum is far beyond what most people think.
You know, a lot of people are saying today that the cerebellum for robots is already a done deal.
I was like, that's not a cerebellum.
They just take these slow, monotonous steps forward.
I don't think that's the cerebellum.
That's the spinal cord, or your brainstem, just keeping you balanced.
You're not even close to having a cerebellum.
They said that's also part of the cerebellum.
He said that the cerebellum for your movements is actually your cerebrum.
OK, anyway...
I think it's really just a matter of different statistical logic, you know?
So, after 2023...
XPeng's robots are now making a fresh push, decisively shifting from quadrupeds to bipeds.
We went from not believing in the brain...
Just like how we didn't believe in Level 5 back then.
and we're now firmly committed.
It's a completely new design, one where the brain drives the robot.
And when you add to that what we've seen in the automotive industry...
Good technology doesn't necessarily mean a good product.
And a great product doesn't necessarily mean you have a great commodity.
And just because you have a great product, doesn't mean you can scale it up.
Because the auto industry has a very well-established...
It's an entire process, from planning and design, to ET, PT, SOP, and SOD.
In fact, by the end of this year,
So we're hoping to reach the robot's own 'SOP' stage, similar to the automotive process.
So, looking ahead to 2027, that will very likely be the year for advanced-level robots.
for high-level humanoid robots.
and mark the first year of commercial mass production.
Both China and the U.S. will be heavily invested in training.
I think, in the past, during the era of motion-and-remote-controlled robots,
that's going to change with the emergence of advanced robots.
will gradually decline to some extent.
I think we're entering a phase where the paths will diverge.
In reality, everyone is looking forward to physical AI.
And the most quintessential example of this is robots.
in what ways can it help humanity, and what kind of value can it truly deliver?
To be able to do work.
In the past, that value was primarily emotional.
Right, and that emotional value is valuable in its own right.
But what's even more important is the combination of physical value and emotional value.
Ah.
So, I think next year could be the year it all begins.
So what happened in 2023?
So it went from something you didn't believe in to something you do.
In 2023, I think it was because at that time...
If we were to use a team that's really knowledgeable about robotics,
a team we were very familiar with,
we wouldn't have the capability to develop a good, brand-new generation of robots.
We were using lidar at the time.
So, out of our team of 300 people, we ended up keeping fewer than 60.
So we disbanded it, and they all left.
I heard that, out of them, about 10 teams went on to start their own companies.
And most of them have actually raised funding by now.
For instance, Masslytics has raised a ton of money in multiple rounds.
In my opinion, we have to fundamentally rethink the entire logic of robotics.
But at the same time, we can't just use the old-school robotics folks either.
But on the other hand, they can't know nothing at all either.
So, what kind of people should we hire then?
I didn't know.
So that's why, at that point, I decided to go with a completely new team.
Someone who knows a bit about AI,
and knew a thing or two about engineering.
and knew a thing or two about robotics.
And then try to build a completely new way of thinking about robotics.
So why did they pick him back then?
I think a lot of the time, it just comes down to fate.
I mean, you can't say that just because he wasn't a robotics expert
He wasn't a specialist in smart driving, either.
So, I chose him, right?
He's really neither.
At that time, I felt that his way of thinking was in a similar quadrant to my own.
So, he was one of the few people I had in mind within that particular quadrant.
First, you have to choose him.
He has to choose you too.
His choice, back at you.
I think we can give it a try.
So, I often see a lot of robot demos or presentations from other companies out there.
or videos,
And I always say, a lot of their work is still on our...
maybe on our third or fourth-gen tech stack, to do some testing.
I mean, for me, maybe he can succeed.
But I've been there, I've tried it.
So, I believe that for XPeng, in this continuous process of innovation,
We are a company that has both patience and courage.
and commit to it for the long haul.
So, you see a lot of robotics companies today,
They can whip up a demo really quickly,
That's nothing.
The way I see it,
It's just like back in 2017.
Back then in China, there were a ton of Level 4 data companies.
It's just like the robotics scene today.
Of course, there are way more in the robotics space.
In reality, that doesn't represent the technologies themselves.
so that you can ultimately see its real value.
It's just a simple analogy, I guess.
Because that's not really a fair comparison either.
So you've chosen the person to lead the robotics division.
Did that have any impact on your later hiring criteria?
So do you think that's a formula you can stick with?
Because of what you just brought up,
It makes me think of Elon Musk, who has a real preference for hiring generalists.
He's not a fan of specialists.
I suppose maybe at Tesla's location in Silicon Valley,
it's probably easier to find a bigger pool of generalists to choose from.
I think, in most countries,
it's very difficult for any city or industry.
So, that's the first thing.
I think what Elon Musk emphasizes a lot, in his own words, is what he calls 'talent density.'
Yeah.
I actually think it's about the potential of the talent.
He basically hires only the best people.
For instance, from the end of last year to the first half of this year,
We primarily hire master's and PhD graduates from top-tier universities.
In one department alone, we hired almost 80 of them.
And they are all very expensive.
But we were all willing to do it.
And on top of that, you have to have the ability to bring a group of people like this together.
And you have to be willing to support them in their long-term exploration.
You have to believe in this group of young guys, and girls.
They're the ones who can create miracles.
I think it's about the potential of talent.
He believes it's about the caliber of the talent.
I believe you need exceptionally smart people to tackle exceptionally difficult problems.
rather than relying on a very clear direction or a set process.
or tools to shape them.
And I think, for certain stages, that's absolutely the right approach.
At that time, we had to bet on general-purpose humanoid robots.
So, what was your reasoning behind that choice?
So, back in 2023, why was it that it *had* to be a general-purpose humanoid robot?
I think this is a path every company has to choose for itself.
And it's the same for my team and I, myself.
LC is even crazier than I am.
He's always been telling me that he wants to create people,
not just a robot.
The thing is, most people just see a robot as a commercial product.
But what I think they haven't considered is, in the end, what role will robots play in our society?
or their sense of participation in this universe.
or its connection to the emotional value for each and every one of us.
It's just like back in 2014,
Many people feel that the 'smart' in smart cars is actually of no real value.
And I think even today, there are still a lot of people...
First, they don't believe that general-purpose robots will ever arrive.
And second, they simply don't want to see that general-purpose robots might arrive in, say, 20 or 50 years.
Maybe in 20 or 50 years.
It will be deeply intertwined with every facet of human life.
The digital AI we were just discussing, it's really just there to assist humans.
Maybe three main categories of jobs.
And maybe dozens of other, more niche job branches.
But physical AI is on a whole different scale.
The scale could be tens, or even hundreds of times larger.
Everyone gets old.
Actually, for me, a really crucial point when it comes to robots is...
The future of robots for the elderly.
I think these are the two most critical factors, absolutely.
I think the first factor is this concept of embodied AI.
How to keep the elderly from getting sick
Live longer, and live happier.
And the second point, which I think is about physical AI,
The impact robots will have on the elderly will be immense.
It's very likely that for the elderly, a robot will become their one and only support.
I think very few people would think that way.
I think XPeng's approach to robotics thinking...
is quite different from many other companies.
That explosive discussion last year, did it catch you off guard?
You seemed pretty aggrieved at the time.
Yeah, it took us completely by surprise.
Our thinking was actually very technical.
Because, regarding that robot from last year...
We actually started working on it in the first quarter of the year before last.
For us, this is just an intermediate version.
So, with this intermediate version, we just wanted to validate...
If a robot had as many joints as a human,
In fact, it still has far fewer joints than a human.
A human has, what, over 200 joints?
and muscles, too.
and skin too.
And I can tell you this,
A lot of the robots we see today, their walking ability,
Once it has muscles and skin on its body,
its walking performance would change and degrade significantly.
Because that's a completely different ball game.
Look at it from another angle, we just want to explore the possibilities.
So, in a situation like this,
Could it find its way into our lives more easily?
or into our work and our emotional lives,
Let me give you an example.
Take the quadruped robot we made before, for example.
We made a dog-shaped one, and a horse-shaped one.
No matter what kind of four-legged thing it is,
it would be a problem just getting it into your room.
Imagine if you had a robotic dog, about one-point-one to one-point-two meters long,
or so, gets into your room,
And once it's in your room, you're going to have a lot of problems, really fast.
Let's say it's over by your nightstand,
It can't make a U-turn on the spot.
Let's say you have a golden retriever at home.
When it tries to turn around,
its tail will give a little flick upwards.
It'll lift it up.
And it's going to scrape against the wall and your bed.
And you wouldn't feel like your bed got hurt either.
But a robotic dog,
100%, it's gonna leave both of you feeling bruised.
So, what if you make the dog smaller?
If you make it really small...
its capabilities would be incredibly limited.
It's basically just for light companionship.
Another issue is the battery life; it's extremely short.
So, that's the first point.
And for the second point...
So, if it's a bipedal robot,
and it's got this full-body armor.
Very imposing, standing at 1.8 meters tall.
So, 1.8 meters, okay. So, today, even if you're standing right next to it...
And you're the one who designed it.
And you wouldn't want to walk right next to it, maybe just an inch apart.
It feels oppressive.
You think it might be dangerous.
You might think it's going to be hot.
You might think it's electric.
Or you might think it's dirty.
Anyway, there are all sorts of reasons.
You'd keep your distance from it.
So if even adults like us would react that way,
So what about the elderly and children?
And when it comes to their safety and the legal regulations in society, how are we supposed to tackle those issues?
For industrial robots, you could structure the logic in this way.
Because it's inherently not designed for home or commercial use.
So, when it comes to industrial robots, a lot of people...
He said, 'I've sidestepped the A, B, and C problems.'
Everything I just talked about was the problem of A, B, and C.
But industrial robots, in reality, introduce a new problem.
Essentially, the dexterity of the hands has to be incredibly advanced.
This introduces a whole new set of problems.
But let me circle back to what I was saying.
And looking ahead,
If robots were to integrate into human society,
across a wide range of jobs,
it will create value for both blue-collar and entry-level white-collar jobs
It absolutely has to become part of our daily lives.
So, we've chosen a very difficult path.
So, from my perspective,
Many robotics companies in China today...
whether it's in quality or safety,
Take the recent sports games, for example.
So you can see, even just with thermal management, you get such an interesting phenomenon.
Or whether it's about the brain's logic of thought?
Or rather, it's about how it transitions into the thought process of true physical AI.
I think we probably saw this coming two or three years ago.
and we were already making adjustments.
But we chose a very painful path.
The deeper you look into this path,
the harder it is to achieve.
So why not create some intermediate steps?
I think we're already doing that intermediate stage.
What we mean by an intermediate stage is simply...
If you want to make a robot that can truly generalize and be easily integrated into our human world...
We're already opting for the easiest intermediate form to build.
So, how tall should this person be?
So, take a look at our current generation of robots.
Somewhere between 1.69 and 1.70 meters.
It needs to be a height that's comfortable for both men and women.
Right, and it needs to be able to wear clothes.
It even has hair.
But it can't have its own face.
It has to be clearly distinct from a human.
And why can't it have its own face?
Part of it is the uncanny valley effect.
And some are other factors, like legal and sociological implications.
So, in reality, the XPeng robot that everyone is seeing right now...
is still quite different from the robot we at XPeng are currently developing.
I think we'll have to wait until the second half of this year.
What I'm looking forward to is a period of very deep, thoughtful consideration for us.
developed the simplest intermediate stage first.
And then, we'll channel the full force of the entire company.
to ensure that the entire company can execute it well.
So, that's where we stand right now.
At last year's press conference, you mentioned you were really struggling with a decision.
Whether or not to prove that there's a real person in there.
whether I should cut it open for everyone to see.
So why were you so hesitant?
What's the hesitation?
Actually, I'm not conflicted about it at all.
My team, on the other hand, was very conflicted.
My view was that we had to say it right away. My team, on the other hand...
The more you try to explain, the more people will think you're the one with the problem.
Because you'd think that the truth will out on its own.
and the guilty can't hide their guilt.
So, that was one perspective from the team.
The second perspective from the team is to wait and see.
Let's wait 24 hours.
Let's see... should I say it or not? I waited for a few hours,
I just couldn't take it anymore.
I said, in China...
This is a hot topic of discussion all over the world.
The point is, it's spreading incredibly fast.
I mean, after 24 hours,
that ship has probably sailed long ago.
It's very simple, because of the people we have working on development and using it right next to us.
We all know it's definitely not a person.
To be honest, it's the same for that robot.
Its thermal management is problematic.
Yeah, it gets really hot.
But it's just one milestone for us. We actually know the future versions will be much better.
Because many people internally felt that it was better left unsaid.
Because we knew ourselves.
But the reality is, for 99.99% of people in this world,
have no way of connecting with it.
I remember that night, I was the one who called our team.
I told them, 'By tomorrow morning, I want you to come up with an idea for me.'
I'm going to tell everyone,
This is an actual physical robot.
and not just a person hiding inside it.
I forced them to show themselves.
We had to add something to the agenda at the last minute that morning.
And after that, it actually happened. Some people started to believe.
But even more people, on the other hand, didn't believe it.
So afterwards, we decided to do it again.
But it happened incredibly fast.
So why did you choose to handle it this way?
Because there are so many people online,
and they're saying all sorts of things,
If you're A,
you must be a real person for this reason.
and if you're B, it might be for that reason instead.
We figured the easiest part to tackle would be its legs,
And it's the left leg, specifically.
Because the left leg is what everyone can see.
Because, you know, it's walking from left to right.
The left leg is the one that's most visible.
So, this is a real robot.
So, that's why we made the move we did at the time.
So, what signal did the huge public outcry last year send you?
When it comes to the R&D of robots,
I think there were some really interesting outcomes.
So we went and looked at a lot of Chinese social media.
how they perceive the value of this robot
The vast majority of young people hope it will one day be in their homes, helping them with chores.
But for the people I know, the ones who don't post on social media...
Men and women who are middle-aged and older.
You know, people around my age, or even older than me.
A lot of people are thinking about when they get older,
So, what's this robot for?
I think it's a whole different ball game.
It's just that, in the past, we never really considered things from such a major perspective shift.
It doesn't have this much data.
I think it's all a matter of looking at things from a different perspective.
Right, so did that change the direction or the development process for your robot?
I think it actually accelerated things.
In fact, within the robotics industry...
.a lot of really outstanding people have joined XPeng.
the auto industry.
Robots… there's a huge, huge difference between starting a company in robotics compared to the auto industry.
I can't share that with you just yet.
I think in about three or four years,
After a lot of companies have already made those mistakes,
And that's when you'll see what the real differences are.
I think it's just that, in another three to four years,
you're going to see the competition in robotics.
So what kind of situation will we find ourselves in?
Xpeng's robot project has run into so, so many pitfalls.
It's not something you can avoid just by understanding it.
It’s only after you actually step into it,
that's when you finally grasp its entire logic.
So, when it comes to starting a robotics company...
In fact, I'd even say it's far more difficult than starting a car company.
And let me tell you, starting a car company is already incredibly difficult.
From my personal perspective,
starting a robotics company
is probably 20 to 100 times harder than starting a car company.
And look, I'm even setting a low bar here at '20 times' harder.
So, my own take on this is that, even for a company with Xpeng's capabilities,
After that robotics marketing push at the end of last year,
I feel like it all gives us a slightly better shot at success.
I think it's actually a great thing.
and valuable.
So, I really want to emphasize the challenges of this for every company.
It's a fascinating situation, including for us.
but it's also a huge undertaking.
There are just so many robotics companies now.
I think it's way more than when you guys were getting into car manufacturing.
newly founded car companies.
What do you think? In terms of numbers, were there any stats back when you started making cars?
At its peak, there were over 300 of them.
But my own feeling is that it was more like a hundred or so.
But I guess many of them probably died before they could even get off the ground.
I suspect...
I think when it comes to robotics companies, I've heard that there are already over 200 of them established.
In fact, that number is probably double what we saw with car companies back in the day.
But I still want to say this for myself.
Robots are a different beast from cars.
Because within the automotive industry, you might have categories like passenger vehicles.
Take new energy vehicles, for example.
commercial vehicles, special-purpose vehicles, or microcars.
See? That's a category, right?
But I think when it comes to robots, there are far more than just seven or eight categories.
Robots could have countless categories.
For example, you've got robots for the medical field.
Right, within the robotics ecosystem, you have robots specifically for freight transport.
or robots for cargo inspection.
I think all of those are possibilities.
And there's a really interesting aspect to how we think about robots.
I believe there are many types of robots, and they don't all have to be humanoid.
I totally agree with that.
It's just that we've chosen to pursue the most human-like humanoid robot.
So, we've chosen this particular path.
So, on this path,
and at XPeng, this is the path we're taking.
but there are many paths to take.
I believe we can also achieve differentiation and commercialization.
So, let's look at it from another angle.
I think for today's robotics companies,
Personally, I think if you're going down the path of general-purpose humanoid robots,
99.99% of them will fail.
But for those pursuing diverse, specialized robots...
I feel that in this world, there are probably many different solutions.
So, the chances of success with robots are actually pretty high.
I think it's higher than for passenger cars.
That's my take on it.
So why did you choose the hardest possible path?
What do you want to do?
What are you capable of doing?
And what do you think about whether you should do it or not?
And then, what you won't do.
and how you can maximize your chances of success, based on probability.
You combine these five capabilities,
Isn't that just your corporate or product strategy?
So in your view,
When it comes to general-purpose humanoid robots, who are your competitors?
I don't think there are any competitors for general-purpose humanoid robots right now.
Everything is developed in-house.
Because every company that's building robots,
The most important thing is to build the strongest capabilities you can.
At the very foundation of your own capabilities is your organization.
And beyond that is your infrastructure.
And then, building on that, your entire system architecture.
This encompasses our systematic capabilities in technology, product, and bringing them to market.
And then, above that, our own engineering.
I think one of the key reasons your robot made such a huge splash last year
It's because it's incredibly lifelike.
So, what do you think are the most crucial technical bets behind this?
Yeah...
And when was it done?
Yeah, I can talk a little bit about that.
For example,
I think the vast majority of people have underestimated this.
in the motion control of robots.
In fact, if you look at the automotive industry,
Motion control is something that, for the past one hundred-plus years, a lot of people...
thought was already a solved problem.
So, a lot of passenger car companies, when they build cars...
They would just buy their motion control capabilities from someone else.
and then combine and integrate them.
The very foundation.
When it comes to robots, their origin story might be traced back to 2018.
certain open-source motion control frameworks
and things of that nature.
So that's why they seem to have so much in common.
I think that for a robot to be truly well-made in the end,
It should be able to perform at a level completely beyond what even the next-next generation of cars can achieve.
Because a car, in reality, is made up of different control domains.
to handle single-point controls.
Overall, it's not fully integrated or协同.
It's just that it's extremely good at defining those boundaries.
So it's good at dividing up the labor clearly.
You do A, I'll do B.
There's a clear boundary between the two of us.
But in reality, let me give you an example.
Let's say you have a self-driving car, and its left tire is on snow,
while the right tire is on grass.
How do you make a 47.5-degree turn?
That's a tough one even for a human.
Because your left side is on snow.
and on the right, you've got the grip from the grass.
your overall control over all four wheels,
the overall balance of the vehicle's motion,
the management of the entire system's latency,
Let's say you're turning, and there's a car right in front of you.
or there's someone on the left, it's incredibly easy for the car to lose traction and just rear-end the car in front.
So, when it comes to a car's motion control today,
What I want to say is, it's actually very good.
But it's far, far from being truly versatile.
So, there's still a huge amount of room for improvement.
And if we're talking about robots...
Robots are probably still at a stage where...
I can't even tell what era of car this is, like from the 1900s or something.
Maybe the 1930s.
or cars from the 1920s.
Maybe, back in those days, you know, the era of the Model T.
So, have we gotten to the Model T stage yet?
I think when it comes to robots, we're definitely not at the Model T stage yet.
I don't think we've seen the equivalent of the Model T in the world of robots yet.
But I'm just speaking from the perspective of chassis motion control.
Perhaps it still belongs to that generation.
So, to get back to your question...
I think it has to be fully anthropomorphic with all possible postures.
Achieving motion control through a fully AI-powered combination of movements is incredibly difficult.
So, for example...
All the robots you see today,
Either they are walking,
or they're fighting.
Its two types of motion control might just need some tuning.
So, you might say, 'Okay, we need five types of motion control,' and that's it.
Actually, for a human being...
A person has over 200 different joints.
The combinations are virtually endless.
It's like right now, I'm just these two fists.
And on top of that, it's got all these different facial expressions.
the coordination of your hands, eyes, and feet with your soul and emotions.
So, the way I see it is...
So, when it comes to the field of motion control,
We really hope that it can think like a human, to see how all its movements can be controlled by AI.
rather than through software control.
And how do you achieve balance with this control?
It’s just like a human’s instinct.
When a person learns to walk,
and learns to run,
It has that instinctual ability.
When it sees a surface,
Maybe it's a patch of snow, or even grass.
It might even take a tentative step to test it out.
to get a feel for the friction and the overall physical sensations.
Or maybe it's two patches of ground, one with boiling water, and the other with ice-cold water.
and it's moving with both feet at the same time.
So, when it comes to the robotics field,
So, you have to account for all these different scenarios and really think through them.
to think about motion control.
So, the way I see it is actually...
XPeng's potential motion control might be something like the generation after next for our cars.
So, in a way, from a certain perspective,
So, why do we think that for the vast majority of robots...
it's still based on the motion control systems from cars many years ago.
So naturally, they can only rely on software to stitch it all together.
So naturally, it's very difficult for them to develop truly comprehensive robotic capabilities.
So, what do robots mean for XPeng?
It represents XPeng's long-term vision.
We don't see it that way.
We believe that for XPeng, the next decade has three growth curves.
The first curve is for automobiles.
to evolve cars into fully-fledged intelligent agents.
The second, I believe, is robots.
I think robots are, by their very nature, intelligent agents.
In reality, cars still have to prove themselves.
It also takes a decade to prove that software capabilities account for 50% of the value.
But I don't think robots need to prove that.
If a robot has really bad software capabilities,
You basically wouldn't want it.
And of course, if its hardware is terrible,
you wouldn't use it either. I think, for this third growth curve, we see it as globalization.
Actually, there's one major difference between robots and cars.
And this is something that most people have overlooked.
What I mean is, once robots are ready for mass production,
the speed at which they scale will far surpass that of cars.
Take cars, for example. Over the past 100-plus years,
expanded incrementally.
For one, you need to build roads.
Second, traffic laws and regulations had to be established.
Second, the difficulty of mass production is extremely high.
For example, let's say you make a really great car today.
and sell 100,000 units in a single day.
But sorry,
You don't have the capacity to build 100,000 cars the very next month.
Besides, you wouldn't dare to do that three months down the line either.
say you actually manage to build 100,000 units in a month,
Because you have no idea if you can actually sell those 100,000 units later on.
That's just the nature of the auto industry.
But I think robots are a different story.
Robots have the potential to be exceptionally good.
at a single point. And remember, it's one specific point.
Not a broad area,
I think it has the potential to create a massive, explosive effect.
It's like how I think the biggest thing in digital AI last year...
I mean, Anthropic's coding, for example.
in a very short amount of time,
So, in less than 18 months, basically.
From the second half of the year before last to the end of last year, there was a massive change.
Personally, I believe robotics also holds a lot of promise.
It'll be slower, yes.
Because that's still a digital world.
and a physical one, but the potential is still there.
So, will it be even slower than the car industry?
Well, I think if a robot's software capabilities can reach a certain level,
in terms of hardware speed, it will be far faster than a car.
Of course, on the other hand...
Because, you know, XPeng is an automotive manufacturer.
Now, when it comes to us making robots versus many other companies...
We develop 80% of our hardware in-house.
We handle the chips, the joints...
Right.
We develop everything in-house.
It's just that, when it comes to collaboration, we might partner with various companies.
For a Tier 1 supplier, we might work with their upstream partners, the Tier 2s.
we work with the Tier 2 suppliers.
This is the only way you can get the quality and scale right.
So, are you planning to start mass production in the second half of this year?
So what do you see as the main challenges right now?
I think there are quite a few points, actually.
First, can we make the hardware reliable and stable enough?
I think the second challenge is dealing with high-level, multiple large models.
And whether they can be effectively integrated.
And I think the third challenge, which is actually a really tough one, is whether we can prove the commercial viability.
Ah...
In reality, robotics is just a minefield of problems.
And that's why I say it's so much harder than making cars.
With cars, once you've built one,
Let's say there's no competition,
and let's say there are customers who need it,
you can be certain that it's something you can sell.
But when it comes to robots, you can't say that.
Even to this day, the definition of a robot hasn't been clearly established.
The market is waiting, too.
What the market is waiting for is to see if you have something like...
Yeah.
or maybe, a phone like the iPhone 4 to come along.
But I believe that the first commercially mass-produced robot,
I don't think we've even reached the iPhone 1 stage yet.
But the iPhone 1, at the end of the day, was just a tool.
It could be replaced, because back in those days, there were many other mobile devices.
There was Nokia, there was Motorola.
Sony Ericsson, you name it.
But when it comes to robots, when they finally emerge,
A lot of people haven't managed to pull off anything similar.
So I think, again, it's not really a comparable situation.
So, what do you think your odds of success are?
In a battle that's going to take so long...
Well, that depends on how big you set your sights.
and then you'll know what your chances of winning are.
I think that, in my opinion...
we're probably looking at about a 20% chance of success.
And I think, for a Chinese company, that's the highest I've seen.
And I believe that's the highest success rate I've seen.
But just two years ago, you were telling me...
Building cars is like swimming in a sea of blood.
So, what about making robots?
We haven't entered the red ocean yet.
The sea of blood is still ahead of us.
But I think there's a fundamental difference with robotics.
The thing is, the AI component in robots is incredibly powerful.
But for the group that was originally swimming in that sea of blood...
the people you're swimming with
The truth is, the vast majority of people don't really understand AI.
You know, a lot of people in the auto industry today...
claiming it's because I don't know software.
So I'll just find a good Tier 1 supplier.
But that same approach just doesn't work in the world of robotics.
So, the bloodbath in the robotics industry is just like the dot-com competition back in the day.
It will quickly shift from a red ocean to a blue ocean.
So it's going to progress at an incredibly fast pace.
Alright, so we were just talking about robots.
So, you're also launching several new cars this year, right?
Including your GX.
So, why don't we talk about your product?
Right. The GX is XPeng's return to the high-end market.
Right, and this is also the first time we've made a full-size, six-seater luxury SUV.
So, it's our flagship, our flagship SUV.
It's very interesting this year at the Beijing Auto Show.
There were about 30 such all-new, full-size models.
Uh,
There are a few models that come to mind.
In fact, XPeng has been doing a lot in this area.
and how we differ from them.
For the first time, we are pondering...
it's about how we take our cars,
a lot of the capabilities from our flying cars and robots,
and in this new generation of smart cars, we've managed to bring them all together.
Let me give you an example.
We took the redundant, core flight components from our flying car project,
and brought them into this car.
And of course, I believe this GX is the very first of its kind in all of China.
an automaker has built a factory-integrated Robotaxi.
So, it has eight layers of full safety redundancy.
So, let's say you drive it out into the wild,
If the power source fails, it can still drive.
If the power source fails, it can still run. Even if a rat...
Or a rat chews through the wiring harness, and it can still run.
It's just like an airplane.
It allows for redundancy.
And for the second point, let me give you an example.
We've integrated the car's steer-by-wire chassis with our new EEA architecture,
and tie it into our VLA autonomous driving system.
This allows the new chassis
This can raise the baseline performance during the VLA's execution.
Which means, it has a higher safety level.
It has lower latency.
The responsiveness of the control can be improved by almost, well, several dozen percent.
So, this is actually an example we're giving.
Alright, so the third point, which brings us to the present day.
We're talking about the 'thinking' part inside the robot,
So, the robot has to receive a task.
For example, let's say Xiao Jun asks, 'Bring me a bottle of water.'
So, that's the task.
First, it has to determine who you are.
You're not my master.
I'm not going to listen to you.
Then it has to figure out where the water is.
What kind of water would you like?
And after you get the water, where do you get it from?
and how I'm going to give it to you... the whole series of steps.
And we'll see that in cars in the very near future.
So that's why we haven't really talked much about this publicly yet.
In fact, it itself is derived from robotics.
Of course, it also draws on a great deal of our capabilities from the automotive side.
For example, let's take this car.
You can fold down the second-row seats completely flat.
turning it into a two-row vehicle.
or turn it into a 2.5-row vehicle.
We call it the four-seater version.
or a vehicle that can seat five or six people.
So, what you'll actually see is that it takes a lot of XPeng's own capabilities,
And marry them with our capabilities in both automobiles and robotics.
So essentially, it's a really interesting fusion of all these things.
And on top of that, we've also incorporated a lot from our partners.
For example, we worked with Fuyao Glass to develop privacy glass.
We teamed up with Midea to create a new generation of in-car refrigerators.
I think there are just so many interesting combinations of capabilities.
So, what we've always believed is that just building something that looks big on the outside...
Some parts look good,
The interior is crude,
and the details aren't user-friendly.
and it's just a car cobbled together with a bunch of different features.
I think so. You'd call it a bloodbath.
And in a way, you're actually seeing a ton of cars like this at the auto shows.
But how can you possibly do something different?
It demands a comprehensive, all-encompassing approach.
For each area, some might say, 'Alright, I'll score a 60 in this one.'
another is an 80,
And another one at 85.
your worst score might still be an 80.
And on top of that, you have even more areas scoring 90 and 95.
Only then can you possibly come out on top in this war.
So, this is a really fascinating thing.
So, how was this price determined?
Did you have it all figured out from the very beginning?
Or was it decided at the end?
No car has ever had a perfectly clear logic figured out right from the start.
It all comes down to a plan.
This plan depends on which market you're trying to capture.
What size do you expect this market to be?
What kind of profit margins you're expecting.
And also, within this market...
And what kind of players might we see in the market?
I think there are a few main points to cover.
And right now, it's in pre-sale.
It should be on May 21st.
We will be making the official release.
So, at the launch event, you'll see our more specific configurations and pricing.
Are you worried about repeating the mistakes of the G9?
Because the way we thought and our logic back then...
and the logic we're using now... I think the difference is night and day.
There's so much more to it.
Looking at it a few years from now,
If you can elevate your perspective to a higher level,
you'll most likely be able to figure out what went wrong in the past,
and more importantly, you can figure out where the current problems lie.
I think that's it.
And getting to where we are today, we're not going to be like we were before.
In other words, the stronger your systemic capabilities become,
the harder it is for you to fail easily at just one or two points.
And you've said personally that you're quite fond of this car too.
And you've said you want to build a car for your friends.
So, what kind of people are we talking about here?
So, who's your target customer profile?
I'd say they're over 30 and are quite bold.
And many of them are doing very well for themselves.
Some are entrepreneurs.
some are great managers,
skilled professionals.
They're willing to explore new technologies,
and experience the luxury of new technology.
a mindset that aligns quite well with ours.
I think he's one of our first users.
So, for this car of ours...
We're aiming for a more family-oriented, tech-luxury experience.
So when you drive it out, what's the feedback from your friends?
Actually, a lot of my friends really like it.
I'll be in Beijing tomorrow.
I have a group of friends who've all made plans to come and check out our car together.
In fact, a lot of people have told me,
He was like, 'Xpeng, you guys should've made a car this big a long time ago.'
He said, 'You know, my family and I, we've been wanting a bigger car for a while now.'
And some of them might have driven other cars from us in the past.
while others might have driven other XPeng models.
In fact, they've all been really looking forward to us having a bigger car.
and fulfill their needs.
So how do you handle the competition from Li Auto?
I think we see every company as a peer and a potential partner.
and allies as well.
and competitors, perhaps.
In fact, I went over to Li Xiang's booth today to check it out.
And I believe the new L9 is a very impressive vehicle as well.
Yesterday, I went to Bill Li's place and checked out the ES9.
I think that for this big 9-series model, NIO, XPeng, and Li Auto will each be bringing their own unique perspectives and approaches to the table.
So, what have you learned from looking back at the G9?
And will you be applying those to this generation of cars?
I think there are way too many things to list.
Our organization was restructured too.
We've adjusted our product planning, and our understanding of our customers has changed as well.
Even our business logic had to be adjusted.
I think that's a lot.
Has it really been three and a half years already?
From the end of 2022 to now,
I feel like it's been way too much.
Wow, that's a lot of confidence.
I think this is a completely different league of capability.
The automotive industry is an immensely complex, large-scale collective system that intricately weaves together technology, human nature, and business operations.
And that's why it's called the 'crown jewel of manufacturing'.
So, the deeper you go into this field,
and the deeper your understanding becomes,
you'll start to see things from a whole new perspective.
In fact, for many smaller pieces of hardware, or consumer-grade hardware,
that aren't visible to them.
They've outsourced a lot of their manufacturing.
They possess immense supply capabilities,
and rely on their supply chains.
The possibilities for combination aren't that high.
So, when it comes to the auto industry,
So why is it that for the period from 2022 to 2026,
I personally believe it's a massive, qualitative leap forward.
If someone says a Xpeng car is ugly,
What are your thoughts on that?
People will say that about every car.
when other people say their cars are ugly.
Aesthetics is a matter of personal taste.
So, what do you think? Do XPeng's cars look good?
I think they're on the right track to becoming more and more beautiful.
But as for my confidence in other areas, I'm not as sure.
But when it comes to what's ugly and what's beautiful, I'm actually quite confident.
You mentioned that looks are number one.
Internally, what's considered good-looking is all relative.
Only by being number one in multiple areas can we possibly succeed.
Looks are one of those areas.
So why not opt for a strategy of making fewer, more refined car models?
So why are you rolling out four new car models this year?
I think every company has its own philosophy.
You can't go and ask Company A why they don't focus on doing a few things really well.
or why Company B doesn't go big and wide.
Each has its own different logic.
You seem really confident about everything this year.
I think if you're an entrepreneur, you can't afford not to be confident, right?
So where are you spending most of your time these days?
On the cars, on the robots.
In AI, or...?
Or is it in organization, or procurement?
We're involved in everything you've mentioned.
But I don't think it's any of those. I think the biggest factor...
I think it really comes down to strategy and planning.
It's about what the future will be like.
It's like all the questions you just asked,
questions like 'who's successful,' and so on.
Maybe they'll be more successful in the future.
But from where I'm standing today, I wouldn't call any of that success.
Uh...
Take the auto industry, for example. Is scale considered success?
it's one of the hallmarks of success.
But not all of them necessarily succeed.
So, what about profit? Does that count as success?
Some profits might be temporary.
and it’s also agonizing.
So, when it comes to entrepreneurs,
People have vastly different definitions of success.
So, looking at it from another angle,
I think I've probably given it a lot more thought.
It's a question of the entire enterprise's product and business strategy and planning.
Ah...
But for all these planning issues, they all hinge on your technology.
your organizational issues,
your entire market-facing issues, and this whole series of combined capabilities.
and only then can you finally pull it off.
Something like that.
So, what would you say was the most important thing for you this year?
No, they're all important.
A lot of things are important.
The thing is, the automotive industry is a really complex problem.
It's more complex than what a single person or a straightforward company would face.
He might say, "I just need to get this one thing right, and that's enough."
Even if you do one thing perfectly in the auto industry, it doesn't mean you can succeed overall.
And this is a very painful question to tackle.
Just like the point about your strengths, weaknesses, and breadth of capabilities.
A lot of people would say, you should just focus on having one major strength.
And for the most part, that's true.
But most of the time, the answer to that question, when it comes to the auto industry,
It's a composite system.
Just doing one thing well isn't enough.
For instance, let's say you make autonomous driving exceptionally good.
So what if you achieve Level 4?
First of all, my general take is, anyone who claims they can achieve it this year...
I think that's just bullshit.
Second, even if they did manage to do it,
it wouldn't hold that much value for them anyway.
Because its value is something that's going to be realized gradually over time.
So, when do you think we'll see Level 4 autonomy become a reality?
I would put the odds on 18 to 24 months.
And is this for your company specifically, or for the industry as a whole?
And for us, what will achieving that bring?
Will that lead to higher car sales?
Bigger sales are a 100% given. The only question is, by how much?
I need verification.
But even more sales don't necessarily equate to long-term value.
You see, each of these presents a different set of challenges.
For example, just last month...
At the end of March, we released the first version of our second-generation VLA.
I shared some data with everyone at the auto show recently.
In April, China's auto sales...
Both year-over-year and month-over-month, sales were down by about 20%.
But for us, we saw an increase of about 50% to 70%.
And a significant portion of that is thanks to our second-generation VLA.
So, is it any good?
I think it's pretty good.
So, what if we achieve L4?
And to what extent can we improve this capability?
Twofold? Fivefold? Tenfold?
I think it's really hard for me to say.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Secondly, what will its impact be on society?
and what kind of impact it will have on the industry.
The thing is, today we actually have a lot of...
And opinions on this are quite divided.
What I really want to say is this:
The ultimate success of an auto company...
doesn't just come from a single capability within AI,
or a single capability in sales.
Uh...
I think it's neither of those.
Professor Yu Kai often says that you are the toughest nut to crack among all his clients.
He believes that automakers should ultimately all rely on third-party solutions.
What's your take on his point of view?
Yu Kai and I are actually on very good terms.
I think he's on a really interesting path.
and hopeful path.
But perhaps also a very challenging one.
It all depends on how, in this world...
Will there ultimately be many or few companies that do both cars and robots?
The more there are, the broader I think the path forward will be.
The fewer there are, the more difficult the road ahead will be for Yu Kai.
So, which way do you lean?
I'd say it's probably becoming more and more concentrated.
If you look at things from a user's perspective,
Because we're looking at it from a company's perspective.
The user's perspective might just be one of the dozens of perspectives we consider.
So, from a user's perspective, you'd always feel like you need more car companies.
and more products from competitors to choose from.
and more variety in general.
But in this world,
But the thing is, cars are just so complex.
If it were a relatively simple matter,
I think it will quickly reach a point of unification.
When I say 'consolidated,' I'm talking about Apple's iPhone.
I know this might not sound very nice to say,
I mean, for the last few generations,
the changes in Apple's phones haven't been that significant.
but it stays incredibly stable nonetheless.
Exactly.
and the shifts in the entire smartphone market.
Nowadays, the only time I buy a new phone is when my old one just breaks.
Otherwise, it's not like I'm getting a new phone just because it has some new feature I need.
that I absolutely have to go and buy a new one.
But the car industry is nowhere near that point yet.
In fact, I believe that in the future, we could be spending 100 billion a year on R&D.
the value of continuous, massive innovation is undeniable.
In a field like this,
I think, for traditional car companies in the past,
In fact, a lot of companies don't do their own R&D.
He said, if you take a look at these car companies,
I mean, they spend a ton of money.
He said they spend a ton of money.
And they have a massive workforce.
But I'm saying if they don't do their own R&D...
So, you're saying it's wrong for them to do just integration?
And you go for in-house development,
In reality, you'll find that doing it yourself is an even worse idea.
Because cars are incredibly complex.
There are just so, so many things you have to develop.
So, it's better to just admit that there are some areas where you're just not built for it.
It's better to just partner with A, or partner with B.
That's a fair point.
But, look at it from another angle.
It all comes down to whether this is a strategy for your cars, or just a tactic.
If it's a tactic, then you shouldn't be developing it in-house.
If it's a strategic move, then you have to do it in-house. This brings us back to a fundamental question.
Like you were asking at the very beginning,
So, let's say in 10 years,
For example, in ten years, will our vehicle software make up 50% of the car's total value?
If it does, what about those one or two Tier 1 suppliers?
So, does that mean we can help our partners get to that 50% mark?
Of course, they're hoping for that.
Right.
I think it's possible, but maybe not.
In the automotive industry, we have a concept known as cross-domain fusion.
It's about merging a lot of different capabilities together.
There's the hardware and the software,
There's manufacturing, design, services, and operations.
And all of these things are completely different and unrelated.
And then you have to merge them all together.
A lot of people say,
So, how do you actually bring all that together?
For example...
So why do we always hear about all these 'all-in-one' systems in the car industry?
It's basically just about combining different things into one.
But in software, this idea of 'n-in-one' or 'all-in-one'...
It might integrate dozens of different capabilities, and the entire systems you have to put together for that are completely different.
This isn't something a single company can pull off.
For instance, let's say you used to be able to work with three companies and get the job done.
it was easy to come together and provide a total solution.
But sorry, now you have to work with 300 companies.
to deliver a personalized solution.
and it's going to be incredibly painful.
XPeng's path,
Both our path and Kai Yu's path with Horizon Robotics could lead to success.
But as for what happens today, I can't say for sure.
I think Yu Kai has done a great job with his company, Horizon Robotics.
And their products are great, too.
On that point, I absolutely agree.
But, what I want to say is...
Ultimately, the endgame for this strategy...
Or rather, what's the foreseeable endgame here?
So, looking at cars or robots, how many companies do you think will ultimately consolidate the market?
This is something that spans several years, possibly decades.
I think the differences between companies are just too vast.
Let's put the robots aside for a moment.
I've always said that by 2030, China will probably only have five major car companies left.
Now, that's not to say the other car companies will go out of business.
But what I want to say is,
is a decline in scale.
will make it increasingly harder to enter this kind of ultra-high-intensity competition.
So, have you managed to swim out of that sea of blood yet?
I think we're all still in the water, just swimming.
So have I? I don't think so.
No. And I don't think anyone has made it out either.
By my definition...
First of all, don't even ask me what my definition is.
In my opinion, no one has really broken through yet.
The challenge with robotics will be ten times that, right?
I think robotics, on the other hand, might actually be a bit better.
Because the potential for homogeneous, cut-throat competition in the robotics space is lower.
First, the software is going to be incredibly valuable.
And on that point, I think everyone agrees.
Secondly, I don't believe there's a really good open-source option out there.
that can help a robotics company build great software.
So, what does a typical day look like for you?
I guess it's probably the same as for many other entrepreneurs.
I start my day a bit on the later side,
and I get home very late.
And every day, there are a ton of decisions to be made.
Most of the expectations are for things to move very quickly.
I'm constantly talking and thinking things through.
So that's a typical day.
So, what have you been reading lately?
I don't really read books that are too specific these days.
I have a lot of books on my desk, but I might just flip through a chapter and move on.
Uh...
I feel like the principles you find in books...
But in the current landscape, everything is changing way too fast.
It's just hard to generalize.
By the time an author finishes writing a book and it goes to print,
the world might have already changed by another 10%.
Let's assume, within the scope of his book,
That's why I think reading is something you should do when the environment is more stable.
How do you absorb knowledge?
Actually, absorbing knowledge is the easiest part.
I think you absorb it through practice.
I used to have my own way of summing up how to absorb knowledge.
Read ten thousand books,
travel ten thousand miles,
and having countless conversations.
to roll up your sleeves countless times, and to put it into practice.
I think the most important thing right now is, for many of the things you see...
how to operate on a big enough platform
and execute on your rapid iteration cycles.
Internally, companies are organized around the PDCA cycle.
But in an AI system, you have to rely on fully automated cycles.
The 'C' in PTC can't even be done.
Essentially, it should minimize human involvement at every single stage.
Looking back, are there any decisions you regret?
In this world, there's no need to dwell on decisions you regret.
Because you make too many mistakes.
Why regret making a mistake?
We often feel that...
So, something we did back then was a mistake.
So let's think about why it was the wrong move back then.
But there's no need for regret.
