Imagine a fish tank
Then you put a brain inside it
Perhaps the next breakthrough boundary indeed requires relying on AI
Because it's a huge lever
In the past year, KIMI has also experienced fluctuations between peaks and valleys.
I think this is very important
amplifier of human civilization
Hello
Hello everyone
I'm Xiaojun
Today's guest is Yang Zhilin, founder and CEO of Moonshot
Just one year ago,
we published an article
titled Yang Zhilin Reviews the Year of Large Model Development
This year of entrepreneurship is like advancing towards an endless and unknown snow-capped mountain.
So after a year,
We have a conversation again, um
Hello Zhilin
Let's say hello to our audience first.
Hello everyone.
At the end of your first year of entrepreneurship,
2024
the title of our interview was
Heading towards the long and unknown snow-capped mountain
Now another year has passed.
At this moment,
in July 2025,
what is your latest feeling?
You just mentioned this word.
I feel like it's been a long time.
It's been over a year.
AI's day is equal to a human year.
So maybe a year in AI, I don't know how many days it is on earth.
So, yes. I feel that many things have indeed changed a lot.
But I think that feeling,
is the feeling of the snow-capped mountains you just mentioned.
seems like, is not much different. Yes.
It is the process of getting to the top of the mountain.
we have taken another step. How far have you traveled now?
As you think now, the model has indeed made great progress.
That you might, like, two years ago
it couldn't even write an article clearly.
but now it can not only write good articles,
It can work continuously for several hours
to help you complete a complex code task.
I think it was hard to imagine two years ago.
Then you unlock some
you unlock some new scenes.
you probably know what the road looks like.
But also on the way up
You're probably seeing pretty much the same thing.
That is to say, the next one, the process of climbing up.
there will still be many unknown things.
such as technical problems that need to
need to be solved.
That is. So, that's pretty much how I feel right now
clearer, or more confused?
In this place full of snow
Yes. I think many things will become clearer.
Like what? Maybe two years ago,
Like the paradigm of reinforcement learning
how to
make the model have a stronger reasoning ability
or a stronger agentic ability.
Well, OK, I think it wasn't so clear at that time.
It was more about how can model pre-training be done better?
And then... technologies like RLHF.
to improve and enhance the conversation experience.
But now I feel that some new questions
have already been answered.
But at the same time, these new questions have also brought about
may have also brought about some new and different problems.
For example, what we see today
Although you can perform these reinforcement learnings
but your reinforcement learning
may ultimately rely on a good evaluation
or good verification.
Okay
For example, if you ask it to do a math problem
or some programming with test cases,
it may do better.
But if you ask it to do one
possibly more complex end-to-end tasks,
Sometimes, it's not easy for you to find an evaluation method.
or measure it.
So I think the current system
may create some new problems.
Just like what was written in a book I read recently
That is, called The Beginning of Infinity
I've actually read it several times.
That is, you find the most important thing it talks about is
That is to say, it said there are two sentences to be engraved on stone.
One is that problems are inevitable
The second is that problems are solvable.
It basically saying that, you can think that
before the Enlightenment
this society was a static society.
that people did not pursue innovation.
That is to say, you might use many magical ways
to explain the phenomena you observe.
But these explanations are not really good explanations.
Let's say you see thunder.
there is thunder in the sky
you might think there is a thunder god, right?
And then you see snow in winter.
you might think it's because of some god, is in a bad mood,
so it snows.
you might think it's because of some god
bad explanations to explain these things
Yes, so the whole society is a static society
Only a very small number of people are truly
are truly engaged in so-called scientific research
or the creation of knowledge.
Uh OK, so it would actually be a static structure.
But after the Enlightenment,
you find that society has become dynamic.
that is, you will have a lot of new knowledge created.
And in the process of creation,
for example, when you create a knowledge
it solves a problem.
But when you solve this problem,
you will create new problems.
then your problems are endless
because your knowledge boundary is expanding.
and you will encounter many new problems.
Well, in the process of developing this AI
And I think that's exactly what happened.
That is, you solve many problems of reinforcement learning,
But you find yourself facing a lot of new problems
such as evaluation, I just talked about these evaluation issues
or measurement problems, verification problems
These problems may be... We need some new answers.
Probably a process like this
But this is also a very interesting point
because you will always have new problems that can be solved.
Then solve the problem one at a time
your skills will improve.
you will climb a few hundred meters higher.
Yes
Then maybe one day
Maybe.
I know there is, maybe the snow-capped mountain may have no end.
I don't know.
I hope it never ends.
Because then
It's called the beginning of Infinity
That's what it means.
It may be an infinite mountain.
you keep climbing, you keep climbing up,
and then, and even after climbing for a period of time,
you may not be climbing by yourself.
And it may be that you use AI to climb, right? You know
For example, now we also use
For example, using the K2 model to do a lot of model training
or data processing related work.
In the past, these things might require manual coding
or some people may not know how to write code
But it was impossible to do before.
But now many data processing
or model analysis,
or even model training.
You can gradually use models to do it
So, you can probably use AI as
as an amplifier, to better climb this mountain.
So, I think there will be this feeling
the problems will continue to occur anyway.
And you just keep working on it
and then you find new problems.
If the snow-capped mountain is endless,
what are you pursuing?
Pursuit is the process of climbing
Or you can keep climbing higher and higher
Yes. That is. You were probably at the bottom of the mountain, right?
And climb, a little bit higher and higher.
Then the scenery you can see will be different.
And then... it's a dynamic and evolving process.
And what we pursue is to climb higher and higher.
We used to think that the end was AGI.
Today's finish line is no longer AGI, is it?
What is AGI?
Yes, AGI may be a direction.
It may not be a certain level.
and you reach this level,
you suddenly reach AGI overnight, right?
instead, it's a direction.
For example, in many fields today
you can think of it as AGI.
because it might be better than ninety-nine percent of humans
might even be better, right
And then...
such as, for example, many math problems
or programming competition problems,
I think at the current rate of improvement
You can imagine, soon there are many problems that can be solved
fully solved. Okay
And then...
But it might be difficult for him to say, I, I, I am very conscientious
say at a certain point in time
suddenly, I can shout that
we have achieved AGI at this moment.
achieving AHI at this moment
It... Although we named the company after the moonshot
but it is different from the moon landing.
Landing on the moon means that you have achieved it
you are the moment you set foot, there is an end on the moon, you claim that I have achieved it
But AGI is what you keep doing.
And I think there are two levels.
One is that... On the one hand, technology is always improving.
Certainly, on the other hand, besides technology
I think the impact of technology on human society
It could be something with a longer cycle.
OK, then you can also think that it is actually part of AGI.
It's like, for example, after the steam engine was invented,
the changes in the entire society
it may take decades or
hundreds of years to digest. Well, OK
some work may no longer be necessary
but new jobs will be created.
and there are new ways people may use AI
People may use AI to do things in new ways, meaning everyone becomes a superman.
That is to say, everyone will become a superman.
you can do more
The way this society functions and its operating efficiency may change significantly.
let's take a look back at the past year
In the past year,
Speaking of global LLMs, what are the most important things in your mind?
What are the paradigm shifts in AI?
I think there may be a few important ones
One is the long-thinking reasoning model.
Based on long-term thinking, reinforcement learning
with o1 being the first
to represent this.
And I think that essentially
It allows the model to make many attempts and reflections during this process.
Um, OK
I think reflection is the key point here.
Reflection essentially involves two abilities.
One is to propose a new conjecture.
You can think of it as, the model is in the process of solving a problem
It keeps coming up with new conjectures
Then this conjecture will get a validation of itself.
For example, after it comes up with a conjecture
Is this conjecture right or wrong?
It actually requires a certain degree of verification capabilities
Although you are not explicitly training a validation model
But it's reasoning.
and it implicitly verifies it.
Then you can understand that...
it did the same problem many times.
each time it guesses and verifies, conjecture and verification.
In the end, you may get an answer
Right, so this means that it can greatly improve the model's ability.
because you could only do it once, right.
you could only give a direct answer.
and the answer may be right or wrong.
you didn't have this process
but now you can constantly propose conjectures
and to verify, That means, you have actually tried several times equivalently.
Okay, you can essentially turn Pass@k into Pass@1.
It's essentially equivalent to this.
equivalent to this. In fact, it mirrors the way humans conduct research, or solve problems
It's about constantly proposing new hypotheses
and then verify. It is a process of free exploration.
It's not a linear process.
In fact, the way it works effectively
is actually more linear in many cases
If you don't consider that we do parallel sampling,
assuming we do serial sampling.
It's actually linear
It is reflected every time you come up with a new guess
which may be based on your previous conjectures
or have been rejected.
Then you come up with a new guess
It will approach a more linear process
But just now,
you can also combine this linear process with some possible parallel strategies
For example, you can also combine this linear process with some possible parallel strategies
For example, if you sample multiple samples at the same time
Then it will combine parallel and serial
two different ways. Okay
But recently, some papers have argued that
which means the upper limit of serial
its upper limit will be higher
This, which may be related to our experimental conclusions. Right
So this is a paradigm.
But it's still a brain in a vat
which means it doesn't need to interact with the outside world.
Brain in a Vat
Right, it is a... imagine a fish tank.
and then you put a brain inside it
And then... it has no contact with the outside world
It's in this environment.
It's just in its own brain.
It keeps thinking
It doesn't interact with the outside world.
It can solve a problem
But there is another important paradigm.
It is based on, multiple rounds of agents
reinforcement learning paradigm
Or you can train it through such reinforcement learning techniques
to train a more agentic model
Well, its characteristic is that it does a lot of interacting with the outside world.
For example, it can think while leveraging external tools.
And then... I might perform many rounds of these operations.
I'll use a search tool
use the browser
and write a few lines of code.
Then I solve a problem through multiple rounds.
It's no longer a brain in a vat.
It interacts with the outside world.
So
its next behavior is based on the feedback
the feedback given by the outside world.
Ah.
The new state update given by the outside world is related.
There's interaction. Yes, yes, yes.
But these two things point to the same idea.
It's called, that is, so-called test-time scaling.
That is, you can do it during the testing,
or in inference, scale more effectively.
It means that, for example, when we were doing chat before,
or in a conversation
you were more, just output a result in a single round.
Right
I might ask you to write an article
you write an article
and then I ask you
I ask you to polish it again
then the model output a few hundred tokens.
The number of tokens is very small.
But whether it's the one I just mentioned, long thinking based reinforcement learning
Or the reinforcement learning of agent
It's essentially about scaling
the model's token-by-token prediction at inference.
Yes
That is. Whether it means hitting more rounds
or in each round,
to generate more thinking tokens, okay
It's all about scaling token output
which allows you to complete more complex tasks.
This is also accompanied by the fact that your completion time will be longer.
You may spend a few hours now
to do something very complicated
In this process, you may not need
No human intervention is required
Right, it can
such as cloning a code repository
and translate it into another new language.
then debug and test it,
and fix all the bugs,
and make it run normally.
Such a job
You can go end-to-end and do it directly.
It's due to, I think, the scale of test-time
These two
are both test-time scaling, manifestations of scaling, right?
Yes.
And then maybe another interesting trend
I think... there may now be more model companies
to make first-party products.
first-party Agent products
And I think this is also very interesting.
Because at first
if we look at half a year ago,
or last year, right?
there were many products
which were based on a basic model
Then you might do some scaffolding on it
or design some tools
Better leverage model capabilities
and then build a product.
enjoy the ability of model overflow. Right
And then essentially one of the things you do
it's reverse engineering
I believe it's about reverse engineering the training process of this model
Also through...
For example, such as, you could say Anthropic trained its models using in-house environments
tools in-house environments
its scaffolding tools, training such a model
but it may not be directly open to you.
But you want to reverse engineer it,
You are closer to fitting its distribution
What tools will work best for you?
What kind of system prompts will be good
What kind of context engineering
will have a good effect., Ah.
It's a reverse process.
But you find that
That is to say, if a model company makes a first-party product.
the logic is completely different.
you don't
you don't quite need this reverse process
It's more of a positive approach.
That is, I will first design these tools
Me Context Engineering methods are all designed first
and then put them in an environment, to train the model.
So the model will naturally
will naturally perform better.
So I think it's two different approaches.
But perhaps the upper limit of the second one
Its upper limit may be higher.
That is to say, you can better integrate these tools
and integrate the model.
And then there may be some areas where your model cannot perform well.
and then you can adjust the design of the tool.
You can design it better.
and at the same time, you can do end-to-end training.
I think this could also be, in terms of development methods, this may also be
a relatively large opportunity.
That is what I observed.
I think these might be quite interesting.
I'm trying to help everyone understand better.
Actually, the first one you mentioned, the first kind is scaffolding
Like Manus
And the second one is like yours, which is an end-to-end training model.
Right, our investment in first-party products
The investment in products is not particularly significant yet.
At the moment, our primary focus is still on the model. The model is still
The model is still
our main quest.
But you can see something like Claude Code
or something like ChatGPT Agent
It's actually a first-party product
And I think it will be a big trend.
So maybe in the future, we will see how these two things
how they will cooperate
or where each of them will be positioned in the ecosystem
and where their boundaries are.
Speaking of the main quest
You see, ChatGPT sets L1 to L5
I've always been curious about the logic behind it, where the logic is that L1 is chatbot
The second is Reasoner, L2 is reasoner,
The third is AgentL3 is agent.
Why are there
After chatbot and reasoner, there are agents.
And then why are there innovators and organizers
What is the logic behind it?
On the model side, what are the changes?
That is, it depends on this ability step by step.
But now, I think, actually, it means your Agent actually
actually it seems that your agent
I think the upper limit of an agent
depends on strong reasoning ability
But it doesn't mean that you must, for example...
If we slightly rearrange the order
slightly rearrange the order in which technologies develop
Suppose you first develop the agent ability
Then to do, now this narrow sense of reasoning
that is to say, you do this kind of long CoT reasoning
I think it might actually work.
It's also valid
Yes.
And you can think that, maybe Claude's route is betting
on this point.
That's right. I may not do much in reasoning,
But, they perform very well as agents.
Because
Actually, behind the technology, there are two different paradigms of test time scaling.
One way to scale is by multi-round approach
because it needs to interact with the outside world, and it uses many tools.
so it's this kind of multi-round interaction
You can scale the rounds.
Well, OK, the other is scale...
as I just said,
you may not actually have any interaction.
you just keep thinking there.
purely thinking. Yes. They are two different things.
I think it's the dimension of scaling.
Well, OK, I think
For example, if you look at Claude, many models
Its reasoning performance is not very high
but their performance on agents is very high.
I think these two things
are not a relationship of dependence
But, but one thing is that
if you want to be the best agent
you want it to solve the most complex tasks
Then you eventually need to have strong reasoning ability
also very strong, right
So it's such a relationship.
I don't think it's necessarily sequential in research
but, if you want to achieve the best of something
You need another ability
You have to be the best agent ability
You need to excel in reasoning as well
And when you have an agent
it can do some things.
Why will the next one be
Next is the InnovationL4 Innovator
I I
I think the most crucial point here
is when your model can participate in the model development?
For example, we hope Kimi K2
Be able to participate in the development of K3
If it's not agentic
it's hard to do this.
But when it's agentic
it can...
Whether come up with some new idea
or conduct corresponding experiments
and then analyze the experimental results
and draw some conclusions
and iterate on the next version of the idea
Or to optimize a certain infrastructure
performance
This requires a very strong agentic ability
it can do it
So I think innovation will actually...
There will be at least one crucial point
is to see when your model can participate in
the R&D of your model itself, Self-iterative.
But this is related to the L5 organization
that is, it might also I don't think
I think it's not necessarily a completely linear relationship.
Some things are actually parallel.
For example, the L5 organization is also happening.
I think we have seen many such trends.
that is, when you have an agent,
you can expand it into a multi-agent system.
OK
You can fork sub agents from a single agent
Let it do something different
Then it can be serial
or in parallel,
Then merge again
and then divide them into several different tasks.
Some responsible for
writing tests
some writing documents,
some to design.
the overall framework of the software.
It can have different divisions of labor.
Then I think there is now, such a trend
So it doesn't have to be a linear relationship.
It is possible that the two will happen together.
but it is indeed...
I think reasoning and agent are
may be a prerequisite for innovation and organization.
I think the reasoner is the premise of the agent.
because it allows language to generalize
to generalize in Agents
For example, yes
If you want to solve the most complex problem with agents
It's hard if you can't reason.
But if you don't have the paradigm of reasoning,
You can still to some extent, do some agent tasks
tasks that do not require reasoning.
Or you don't need such strong reasoning ability.
You don't need to output thousands of tokens while thinking through
while thinking through
What should be done now.
You can also go through multiple rounds of interaction
to get feedback from the environment.
You write some tests
and then run the test.
you can also solve some relatively complex tasks.
So I think this is why
Ah, you find that the Claude model in
In some scenes, it will do better
I think that, in fact, it is a bet on different technologies.
this bet on different technologies
But in the end you can't get around
In other words, in the end you have to achieve
If you want to climb a few more steps to the top of the mountain
you still need both of them.
It's just a matter of time.
The relationship between organization and innovation
The same goes for these two things.
In this case,
If you have different bets on technology,
may make your short-term path slightly different
Then these differences in short-term paths may have some impact.
Because, after all, you are facing a dynamic market.
The hallmark of innovation is the model's ability to self-iterate.
what about organization?
Organization is probably Organization... to put it simply
It is a multi-agent system.
It may evolve from the current agent
And I think there are a lot of prototypes out there.
Of course, in a multi-agent system, there are some challenges
Like how to train multi-agent systems end-to-end.
Then you might want to avoid overfitting to certain types of agents.
Make it more general
it's challenging
Is organization the peak of a snow topped mountain?
I don't think so.
Maybe it really has no top.
With the passage of time
These abilities may develop over time
It will continue to get better.
Including reasoning ability
What is the upper limit of reasoning ability?
I don't think it's easy to say today
Although it looks like L2
But if you really want to do strong reasoning,
I think there is still a lot of room for improvement.
So what do you think of this grading from L1 to L5?
how do you view it as a scale?
I think it is several important technical milestones, but first
It doesn't necessarily have a completely serial relationship.
As we just said,
we expect that once one thing, that will be solved immediately.
and then you solve the following problems.
It's probably going to be, you're going to improve at the same time.
I think for example, reasoning
you really need to solve some open-ended reasoning problems, OK
Or rather, you've got to do great innovation
You've got to come up with a new model architecture.
Then your reasoning ability, perhaps higher standards are required
So I think, all these abilities need to be continuously improved.
Let's review
2023 to 2024
You decided to start a business in Feb.
and started financing and forming a team.
Then in the second half of the year, Kimi was launched.
And bet on long context
What were your key decisions in 2024 and 2025?
what were your key decisions?
Good question
I think it's important that technically
That is to say, you shift from starting with pre-training and
for example, SFT as the focus of the research paradigm
transition to
the approach that focuses on pre-training and reinforcement learning
Then I thought, you actually need to do a lot of things,
whether it's talent reserve
or the change in R&D methods.
And then there may be that another important shift was from dialogue to agent.
I think it's an important paradigm shift.
And it
It really affects how we actually work.
I think
These two are important changes in direction.
Have you launched K1.5 and K2 in the past six months?
What does this mean for Kimi?
I think K1.5 is more about the verification of reinforcement learning technology.
It means we are catching up with o1, right?
Yes, yes, yes
It's earlier for us.
to invest in this tech
Then, got some results
Learned how the technology works.
we found that you may not need too much process reward
or, for example, the value function
you even
there may be some side effects, and there may also be some side effects during the training.
There are also some side effects, right?
As far as we know, you can directly use the end-to-end Reward
You can train the model very well
I think in the early days
it may not be very clear.
And in the process,
we have accumulated some, infrastructure of reinforcement learning
And some algorithms and know-how. I think the main points of K2 are several.
One is that we hope that K2 is a very good base model.
hope it is a very good base model, a very good one.
If you want a better base model,
you need to look at the current situation in the entire field
where the bottleneck of pre-training is.
And what we found was that.
because the growth of high-quality data is actually very slow.
And for multimodal data, you have no way to improve the IQ of the text model itself.
You can think of it as high quality data
it is somewhat close to
is a constant
So here we hope to
We hope to maximize the use of each piece of data, to be used to the greatest extent.
That is, we hope that, you input the same amount of data.
you can grow more IQ.
That is, you can obtain more intelligence.
It's different from previous ideas.
For example, suppose you are in this training system
You do a lot of performance optimization,
You make it train faster
which is also valuable.
But you train faster. Doesn't mean you can increase the upper limit of intelligence.
Because you only have a limited number of tokens.
You train faster
you just say that you can complete the training in a shorter time.
But right? The performance of the model may not necessarily become better.
So this is called training efficiency
Some people may have done this before.
But now we hope to improve its token efficiency.
You treat one piece of data like several pieces.
Like what? So we are very concerned about
Like the Muon optimizer.
no optimizer
This thing Muon is very interesting.
You can think that, optimizers like Adam
has been used for ten years.
and people have been using it.
All of them will be trained with Adam.
Muon doesn't consider each element independently
for example, the parameters of a matrix it considers the dependencies between
it considers the dependencies between the parameters of a matrix
And in this way
you can actually do better, have better learning efficiency
That is to say, you study the same piece of data
you can get more intelligence.
In our early experiments
if in the case of compute optimal, you basically get a 2x improvement.
That is to say, you basically get a 2x improvement.
Yes
That is to say, learning one data point is equivalent to others learning two data points.
Which is the same as learning with Adam twice.
So, if you have 30T of high-quality tokens,
then it's equivalent to 60T, meaning you now have 60T of high-quality tokens.
You now have 60T of high-quality tokens
But it's still so much data.
Yes yes yes
But after it learns
Its brain will grow faster
Why?
Yes,because its learning efficiency is high.
because your optimizer is better.
So it will absorb faster
you feed the same amount of data,
But it absorbs better
So your compression ratio will grow faster.
Your losses will fall faster
OK right
Is this your original work?
Muon optimizer
No optimizer was initially
proposed a concept
We have made a lot of optimizations on it
Make it possible to train LLM
adapt and train language models
Like what? We actually had a Moonlight model before.
For the first time, enable it to
Use Muon to train an LLM of a certain scale.
And then later, as we were further scaling up,
during the process of further scaling up
We encountered many new problems.
Like what?
You found that the max logit.
may have the risk of explosion
This is actually difficult to find in small-scale experiments.
But in large-scale experiments,
You may encounter such a problem
come up with some new solutions
like clipping to solve it.
to solve it
To allow it to be trained well in a very large scale
still be able to train effectively on a very large scale.
This is very important
It is because your number of tokens is limited.
So you want each token to generate
greater value.
OK
And also, we also do a lot with data
rephrasing operations.
Because high-quality data is limited.
That's say you have 30T Tokens,
but in fact, there may be fewer high-quality data.
You have tens or even hundreds of billions, or several hundred billion pieces of high-quality data.
such data
But you want to use them well.
OK
So we do some rephrasing
possibly done some rephrasing or rewriting
to ensure that it is better absorbed by the model, and achieves better generalization.
I read your technical report.
You attempted to rewrite existing data using existing models
generate new corpus
What is the specific rewriting process?
What does the rewriting strategy look like
You didn't mention this.
If you study the same data many times
It may not generalize so well.
Right
That is, there will be some
There will be some overfitting issues.
Yes. Then we hope to show that you can use this rewriting
to achieve a certain degree of generalization.
a certain degree of generalization. Yes.
Yes.
So this is
the main idea.
There are many specific ways of rewriting, and there could be a wide variety of approaches.
We found a way
that works better in the experiment
I think the innovation space is vast
I think the innovation space is vast, offering numerous research opportunities.
What do you think of a view
that rewriting and expansion are useless.
If you can write out Knowledge.
it means that the knowledge is already there.
There is no new knowledge.
unless new methods are used when rewriting.
This is a good question.
That is..., it may indeed be related to your rewriting method.
Theoretically, it depends on whether you have new entropy input.
The input of new entropy
Yes.
I think it has some requirements for the way of rewriting.
But
I don't think we're the best way to rewrite today.
I think it must be the best way to rewrite
I think there is still a lot of room for exploration.
Going back to the point I just mentioned.
We hope that the Kimi K2 model
I think the Kimi K2 model, on one hand, we hope it will be a good base model.
So, we would love to improve its token efficiency.
Efficiency
These are the corresponding designs we have.
including adding more... By adding more parameters, and increasing sparsity to add more parameters
With more parameters,
the model can learn the same amount of data
but you will also absorb the same amount of data, meaning you will absorb it both faster and more effectively
because you have a larger and more effectively.
Anyway, experiments verify that
And so this is very important.
And the second one, we hope it has a good agentic ability.
has a good agentic ability.
reinforcement learning
or the simulation of tools and environments
to achieve good generalization
In my opinion, for an agentic model,
Perhaps the biggest challenge currently is actually in the generalization of the model.
Because current RL technology
I think its limitations lie in the fact that it has constraints.
it is often single-objective.
For example, when you train the model on SWE-bench,
it improves the SWE-bench score.
Then I think, I believe it's basically a certainty.
But after your metrics improve
it doesn't mean that the generalization of your model will become better, okay
So we also try to
solve some of the generalization problem.
Because, we don't want it to overfit to some tools.
it overfits to some tools
or to some environment
or overfit to a specific task.
These tasks may be good observations.
but we don't want to overfit it.
And this problem may be more serious in the training of agents, it is more severe
compared to previous dialogue models.
Its generalization is a bigger challenge.
Why not train it during the pre-training stage?
This is also something we want to explore next.
Maybe you can achieve greater agentic ability
can be done in the pre-training stage.
Could this improve generalization?
It also depends on your approach.
It depends on
Whether the distribution of your data is broad enough
and whether there is a good way to evaluate it.
I think the overall evaluation is still a bottleneck.
It is an important bottleneck that stops your model from becoming more generalized
an important bottleneck that prevents your model from becoming more generalized
So you will gradually observe that
In fact, there are currently not many benchmarks available for evaluating agents.
there are not many benchmarks
Then on that benchmark, often when you observe a score increase, if you observe a score on a benchmark,
it does not actually reflect this ability;
it's actually quite one-sided.
I think this is actually a problem that we need to find a solution to.
There may be a potential idea here,
that we still use more AI-native way to train AI.
Perhaps we hope that the model
participate in more training processes.
Because,
For example, if your AI can do good alignment research.
can conduct excellent alignment research that research may,
in theory, lead to better generalization.
You're not just optimizing some single-purpose tasks.
I think this is the very important next step for agents.
This could be a very important next step for agents.
Because agent abilities are not as general
has such good generalization as dialogue abilities today.
Yes
This could be the next hundred steps up the snowy mountain.
Perhaps these next few hundred steps up the snowy mountain
That's probably it. It sounds like K1.5 is following OpenAI
Then K2 is rushing away, right?
I think overall
we have definitely learned a lot from OpenAI, also drawing insights from their technical directions.
But within this, we also hope to have some of our own innovations.
For example, at the very least, we may be the first in the publicly available materials
in all the publicly available materials,
that is to say, the first to use this non-Adam
or an optimizer based on this matrix orthogonalization method
to use this new optimizer to train a model
and then to train on such a large-scale model.
I think this is a place of innovation.
And, maybe some of our agent data practices, at least in publicly available information,
it is also relatively early, okay
Because I think the innovation space will become larger and larger.
OK, it's interesting.
That is, as you climb higher,
you find that your Space is getting bigger.
First, the number of tokens required
The number of tokens required to complete the same task is increasing.
so the complexity of the problem is becoming more intricate
As I just said, problems are inevitable,
but problems can always be solved.
The inevitable problems
may seem to be more than before.
So your research space may be larger.
This is my current intuitive feeling.
How is the K2 project established?
How long has it been in preparation?
it take a long time to prepare.
also a lot Because
there's a lot of technology involved
that we've been working on since last year., a technology
for example, MuonClip
It requires a relatively long cycle.
You did some very early experiments at first.
and then you find that this idea seems to have some potential.
We had some small experiments
to verify how good the potential of this idea is.
After you have an idea
it actually takes a long cycle before you can put it into a trillion-scale model for training
it actually takes a long cycle for training
You're going through different scaling experiments
to verify its effectiveness.
And as I said, there may be some problems
You only discover [the issues] when you scale to a certain level.
So the whole thing cycle is actually quite long.
Of course, if you only look at the model itself,
its training
from the start of pressing the button to the end, the time is not that long.
but in fact, the time is not that long
But your overall research and development actually requires doing a lot of preparatory work in advance
to finally ensure that your training is a relatively smooth process.
When did Agentic LLM start betting?
It also requires a lot of accumulation.
It could be like...
What you do at different time
may be different.
For example, at the beginning, you do not necessarily do it in an end-to-end way;
you just accumulate some environments and data.
But you can do it more end-to-end later, via reinforcement learning.
You need a lot of infrastructure
and a lot of this data and data, during the accumulation process
But it's definitely hard to say that
you can do it very well in a month or two;
It also takes time to accumulate.
In my opinion,
that is, large models or related LLM technologies
It requires a lot of time to accumulate.
Let's become friends with time.
You have to keep accumulating technologies
And it is relatively because
I think the curve of technology is relatively steep.
Not that, if I want to do it today, I can make it happen.
So when to start the project?
First, we accumulate these technologies.
Was it a year ago? No. We started to accumulate various technologies a year ago.
I also have
As you mentioned K2, it must have been trained in the past few months.
When we decided we were going to train a model like this,
we thought about what technologies are we going to use.
I think it's a decision like this.
But it's not that I want to train the model today,
OK then I have to start from scratch to do a lot of things.
It's not a problem that can be solved in two or three months.
Why set this price? Well, I think it's quite normal.
I think it's normal.
Because we have been training the next generation model.
In fact,it's just a decision about
what my next generation model will be.
what technologies I am going to add,
and what kind of model I expect it to be.
Just as we are now considering what the next-generation model will look like after Kimi K2
what the next-generation model will look like after Kimi K2
This remains an ongoing process of thinking and decision-making.
Then you might just watch it every time.
Now, inside your toolbox, there are actually many new things
So what are you going to take out and use?
There is such a process.
What about your research and training teams—are they separate?
what kind of process?
Well
You have already started to study these technologies.
And then to the official training.
Is a same team doing this?
Yes, it's actually a team doing it.
It's hard to separate.
For example, when you are in the actual training process,
you will encounter some problem
and if you don't know it beforehand,
you won't be able to solve it. So in fact, the two will not be separated.
Did you encounter any challenges during the K2 training?
That's what we met:
Muon will explode when you start training.
That is. We draw pictures
in the paper.
That is to say, the max logit will go very high.
And, we think, this thing has an impact on the stability of training.
You you you you may have trained for too long
it displays a host of so-called "internal metrics", that are abnormal,
which actually harms the upper limit of the model.
Okay
So, we went back to revisit
to revisit this issue,
and then fixed it.
Because this thing It can't be predicted, it's something you can't foresee in small-scale experiments,
It can't be predicted
because we can't reproduce the result on a small scale.
Well OK, it doesn't have this explosion problem.
And the others are fine.
Because for the others, we have done many experiments on a small scale.
And then it's also basically migratable.
So the problem is not big.
The only thing is that you can't verify Muon on a small scale.
So you need to solve it during the scaling process, and then solve it temporarily.
During your K2 training, what are the most important know-hows?
The know-how is written in the paper;
we are very open,
and we put the main points in the paper.
Because we want to share more with the community.
I'm curious, how would you define an agent
and how to classify agents
That's a good question. As I just said, it evolves
from a brain-in-a-vat
to interacting with the world
For an agent,
the most important feature
is that it can perform multiple rounds of tool use.
I think there are two indicators: one is multi-round,
and the other is tool-use.
Multiple rounds means you can do it many times.
It's a way of test-time scaling
And tool-use is a way
Actually, it's a way of connecting the brain to the outside world.
Let's say you use a search engine.
Then you can put this model, to connect with the entire internet.
Then if you can write code,
you can connect your brain to the digital world.
Because this digital world
Almost all automation can be described in code.
Well, you can enable it to have this automation ability.
So I think these two are
the characteristics of an agent.
Then, in the future, there will be more and more tools.
Of course you have a distribution with a long tail.
If the model generalizes well,
it will not only use some common tools.
it may be able to use very personalized tools.
Like what?
Suppose you want to have one, which is a very specific problem.
For example, you want the model to access some databases within the company,
or some of your personal documents,
and then be able to, or even access some of your custom APIs
Let it complete certain operations.
For example, to refund a ticket.
Or just go to place an order.
It should be able to generalize to
tools it has never seen before. Yes. So I've been thinking that what agents
If I think what agents lack most now is the ability
is actually this kind of generalization ability.
If you have better generalization,
then the so-called...
For example, the various vertical agents that people were discussing
it may not be very necessary.
Because when a generic agent
It can generalize to long-tail tools.
Basically a lot of your domain-specific questions
can be solved directly with these tools.
You just add different tools to it each time.
For example, as I said,
you may add a custom database.
customized API
and custom document interfaces
you can complete a very vertical, an Agent task.
Okay, its universality will be much stronger.
And multi-round... mainly it means you can do test-time scaling.
You can do very complex tasks.
Not just do it once
like a dialogue model
You just output it once,
But now it can do things differently.
Just like human
What people do every day
is actually—
you can think of it as a multi-round, sequence of tool-use.
Essentially, you want to fit the sequence of people
fit it into the sequence.
But you can't collect such digital data.
Then you can use reinforcement learning to construct.
Which is essentially simulating human behavior.
But it is also a very general task
It's a...
You can't call it simulating human behavior either.
It's not accurate to call it simulating human behavior.
Because it's actually general-purpose.
That is.
What do you mean, it's universal, so it's not a simulation?
People are also universal
Right, humans are also... People are, also universal humans also universal.
Humans are a so-called universal constructor.
I mean its main purpose is not to simulate humans.
Its main purpose is to be universal.
I mean
The definition itself is universal.
It can accomplish almost all tasks. OK
So this. may be the purpose of this design. Is the purpose of this design.
It's similar to the way humans do things.
It may only be a coincidence.
It's not the purpose of designing this system.
Airplanes are designed to be able to function as a means of transportation
It's not for flying like a bird.
Right
So this agent system
It is more of a general-purpose function.
It means you are aligned with the goal.
It just happens to be similar to humans.
It just happens to be similar to humans.
Yes. How to improve generality?
Did you find any way?
Yes.
I think that's a tough question.
I think today's agent generalization faces a risk:
it may fall into benchmark overfitting.
But in this overfitting
But now there is a lack of good benchmarks.
So I think this will be the next challenge.
But there might be some solutions.
If we can
use more AI to train AI
it can ease this problem to some extent.
When can we use AI to train AI
What are the current bottlenecks?
Some work has already been done this way.
But you want to do more.
Ah! Now, a lot of work still depends on human design.
when it reaches the innovate stage?
So this is very interesting.
It's possible that it's not linear.
You have to do something Innovative to solve your Agent problem
your Agent problem, right
Yes, because your agent is not generalized enough today
so you need to use innovative methods to solve it.
You need to use L4 technology to solve an L3 problem.
So the definition of L1 to L5
may not be linear.
Go back to that point.
If you don't have good innovation
without training AI with AI, or aligning with AI,
Perhaps this agent struggles to achieve truly strong generalization.
truly strong generalization
For example, you manually define some tasks
and you overfit that task.
but on other tasks that you may not have seen,
it may not perform well.
But you only fit those tasks.
You only brush the points of those tasks
In fact, many times.
The user or you are in some more OOD scenarios
the experience is not so good.
I think the field is now even facing
the benchmark may not be enough, or benchmarks fail.
And then... we're at a stage where the agent's generalization is problematic.
Why are mathematics and code relatively easy to generalize?
Actually it's not.
that is if you if you do reinforcement learning
But for now, I still think there will be the same problem.
for these tasks
And then... of course, reinforcement learning itself
its generalization is better than, for example, doing SFT.
Because in this process, you have more on-policy samples
You sample from the model itself, the things it learns
Somehow seems better generalized now
And you have a negative gradient
These two things will, from an evidential perspective,
lead to better generalization.
But there's a limit to how much it can generalize.
Like what?
You... Suppose in a certain type of math competition,
get ninety-nine points.
your other math problems may increase by five points.
But it's also hard to directly score 99 points
if you don't, do the corresponding RL
do the corresponding RLIO tasks
It's hard to directly achieve good generalization.
I think, the same problem will arise.
When it comes to doing math
it also has the same problem.
it is constrained by the distribution.
That is to say, you still get what you sow.
and you reap what you sow.
But we hope...
I think the overall RL or post-training
still needs more AI native, so that it can get rid of this
such a situation.
Will it be impossible to get rid of it?
Could it be that it just can't improve generalization?
Just go back to what I just said
The problem is inevitable,
but the problem can be solved.
So every time you make progress
your generalization will become better.
It doesn't have to end.
There will always be better generalization.
For agents,
the tasks and environment are very important.
how to define a good environment?
how to define a good environment
What were your thoughts during the exploration?
Just go back to what I just said.
That is to say, one approach is to take an existing model
and then design environments
to retroactively fit the model.
Then, the other way is to design it proactively
if you are a first-party,
positively design tools and environments.
Yes, and then let the model improve in this environment.
It is crucial
to make the design more general
so that it can handle many tasks.
You shouldn't design the tool and the environment just for certain tasks.
just for a specific task.
Then... when your design is general enough.
Uh.
and then you use the model to learn in this process.
Rather than fitting the model in reverse
I think this is a better approach.
I noticed one thing
generally, they think that in task design,
you design a challenging task,
so that the task may bring, new method
But your K2
actually uses some tasks of moderate difficulty.
Is there any consideration?
Will this bring generality?
Yes, it is. It's also a process of climbing a mountain.
Ha ha. You can't let it prove a mathematical problem
that no one has proved in the very beginning.
Then it may sample because of the sample efficiency
所以现在感觉比较好的方式就是说The better way is to use
actually reinforcement learning
If you pair it with a good sampling strategy,
it is essentially an implicit curriculum learning mechanism
which is essentially an implicit curriculum-learning method.
You want it to start learning at the right level of difficulty
and gradually increase the difficulty after learning.
Instead of starting with very difficult tasks.
Because then your sampling efficiency is very low.
and you basically won't learn much.
and your computing power may be wasted.
Ok, but the challenge is that many tasks today
I think it still comes from many tasks, such as human stock data
or are designed by humans,
rather than from, where the AI-native portion is still relatively small, such as AI-native data or tasks,
so the generalization problem remains.
What is the relationship between coding agent and general agent?
Coding may be a more vertical field,
or a subset of general agent.
And then...，as long as you use two tools well enough.
you can do most of the things.
Finally, I hope that, we can do more than just coding, yes.
Including when we train this model now.
We're not saying let it only do coding because
because there are still some limitations
Coding is like an environment
It is like human hands
It's a subset of the task
but it is a very important subset
Relative to the Agent, is it a relatively easy task, right?
Easier to verify.
So it's easier to learn
But there's still a challenge.
such as the issue of generalization I just mentioned.
I think, even the coding agent
it will also face the same challenges
Coding is a crucial subset
a subset
because it embodies
the automation of the digital world.
Today, if you want to create a new tool,
Because many agents now
its toolset is fixed, then if you want to create a new tool
you essentially need to write
or a large piece of code to implement
Or if you want to do better
For example, context management,
So-called context engineering, this thing means
It may correspond to a tool in the background, to design a tool.
This tool is implemented in code.
That is code, Coding.
it has a unique position
unique role.
But that doesn't mean being a coding agent is enough.
Because many
For example, there are many people who are not programmers
He will use Claude Code to complete many of his tasks. Do a lot of work in claude code.
As a lawyer
or you are a product manager,
or you are a designer
You also can use claude code to do things.
It's because of your model
to some extent, there are some, some generalization.
It's not just about writing code.
So you're building a general agent model,
not a coding-specific model, right?
We still hope to make a general model.
From writing code to manipulating the entire digital world.
What do you think the Agent lacks?
Firstly, I think, currently these high-frequency tools
are not used well enough
There is still a lot of room for improvement.
And in this regard, that is to say,
There is a lack of some better Benchmarks to observe.
Perhaps SWE-Bench somehow currently is also SWE-bench somehow
may soon be saturated.
And many benches are not good enough
and not truly reflect the actual user experience.
So I think high-frequency tools themselves will have improvement space.
And the long-tail tools, in some places you may not have seen completely OOD
completely OOD
how to have better generalization
I think it's also very important. It's a problem that
needs to be solved.
What do you personally consider the most important aspects to enhance an agent's abilities?
key abilities that should
In the long run, how can its abilities be improved?
As we just said,
we hope to use some techniques at the innovation level
to improve the agent's ability.
Right, so I think, uh.
I think this is a very important direction.
Is long context and long-term memory important?
Long context is also important.
Because many tasks can't be solved
your 128K
A context of 256K is completely insufficient to solve it
You need millions of context, or even more.
But at this context level
your brain should still be working very well.
As the context becomes longer,
the brain must keep working very well.
and its IQ must stay very high., okay
So, for training the model, the challenge is huge.
You want your model compression ratio to be high enough
so your model might have to be big enough,
And then at the same time you want context to be longer, so
So these two things
There will naturally be some conflicts between them
And then you may need a better architecture
but some architectures You may find that
You may find that some architectures perform better in longer contexts
the performance may improve in longer contexts
However, in shorter contexts, it may not necessarily show improvement or could even decline.
or even decline.
So there are many architectural balance issues.
Balance issues, right
Yes, but these problems may be gradually solved in the future.
I think it has some solutions
So this is also very important
It's an architecture issue.
Yes. Also, I think the current RL training approach
still has plenty of room for improvement.
Like what?
when you train a very complex
Multi-Agent system, right? Okay?
If you only use end-to-end rewards
it may not be enough.
But how does the process reward come about?
Can we get rid of manual design?
I think it will also be an interesting challenge
I have one question, which is that I reviewed our conversation last year,
I have a question that I really want to ask you.
that open source would fall behind closed source last year,
because the way of open source is different.
Everyone could contribute to open source before,
because open source itself is centralized,
There were many contributions, but not
verified by computing power.
that closed-source model will have an advantage due to the concentration of talent and capital. Well, OK.
It's a market integration
So the leaders will not open source.
Only the laggards would do that.
Yes, but you open sourced today.
Because we are not absolutely
We have not yet achieved global pre-eminence, meaning complete dominance.
There are some judgments, which are basically true.
That is to say, after your model is released,
This is where the community can contribute, it can contribute something.
For example, you can do a lot on the reasoning side.
And then...
you can let more people serve the model for free.
Surf
let more people use it.
But indeed, you need to contribute to the model itself
to make the model itself better
it seems it can only be done in-house.
Of course, if you look at the base model,
It is like this.
But, if you build on this open source model
to do a lot of post-training,
Especially the agentic post training
there may be some new opportunities.
Like what? Suppose you really want to make a
For example, a legal-related agent.
and you are a, for example, a startup company
who want to do this,
you can use K2
and then customize your tool set
you can train a specialized agent.
Then it performs very well in the scene you Follow.
And I think there's an opportunity.
But it's more likely to
This means more potential to empower downstream applications.
It's hard to turn these things into improvements of your main model.
the improvement of the base model.
This is still difficult.
It's probably like this.
I think we need to look at it dynamically.
such as the relationship between open source and closed source.
Will you choose open source for a long time?
I think this is a long-term commitment for us,
but we don't only do open source
We hope to share our technological know-how
like the technical know-how you just mentioned, with the community,
so that the pace
so that the pace of technological advancement can be accelerated.
It's crucial that everyone
not only competes
but also cooperates.
Or even all your open-source companies
It will form an ecosystem
so we can better advance this technology
You can climb the snow-capped mountain even better together,
and race to the top.
Not everything is open source.
For example, suppose we are now working with some companies where there is some collaboration
We don't have to open up everything.
but we hope to continuously open up some good technologies.
So this is a belief in the technology system
or a market game strategy?
I think objectively speaking, both exist. Well, OK
And both have benefits.
But ultimately, we hope that through this,
make the technology more secure
and reach a better level faster
How will the open and closed source ecosystems evolve?
How many open-source and closed-source companies do you think will ultimately remain globally
I don't think there will be many.
or ultimately, in general,
but there will definitely be a few.
Overall
if you look at the past two years,
I think this trend is quite clear.
The market will gradually become more concentrated and convergent.
focus on concentration, more convergent
You may have hundreds of companies at first, then dozens, and finally a few.
I think a few may be the final relatively stable number.
I think now it seems, a high probability thing.
Do you belong to the open-source side?
or the closed-source side
As I just said, we may continue to open source.
but not everything will be completely open.
I think it's a matter of selectivity.
We may need to observe this dynamically.
Yes, but we definitely hope to share more technologies in the long run.
Why do Chinese companies open source?
Not all, ByteDance is not open source.
Right, I think objectively speaking, it's just like what I mentioned earlier.
There are market game factors.
I think this is a good thing for the community.
That is to say, open-source ones can learn from each other.
Then you can accelerate to achieve SOTA.
I think it's a good way.
Last year, you mentioned a word, which is probabilistic non-consensus.
non-consensus
What non-consensus belief do you hold today?
Good question.
As I just mentioned,
several key technical directions will follow.
such as how to improve agent generalization.
I still believe it may be a very important issue.
And we hope to see
if there are any new things in technology
and including, that is, including the optimizer we developed.
As far as we know,
but I don't know if it's true,
but at least before we started,
no one else was working on this
So it is a non-consensus.
Everyone used Adam before.
So I think this is also a more important one
because it improves token efficiency significantly.
So, it helps us get a better base model.
Starting from the base model, we can carry out extensive post-training
to squeeze out
every last drop of performance
I believe these are.
What do you think of products in the AI era?
You, because you have been doing Kimi for a long time.
How do you think product-making in the AI era
differs from the mobile-internet era?
I can only talk about AI products,
because I haven't done mobile internet products.
But, you used to like to say that the model is the product.
Right
I think this hasn't changed now.
Still no change, just Yes.
For example, if you are currently making an agent product
when you are doing it,
you need to combine the model with tools and integrate it with the context
You find that when training the model.
You've basically set everything up
you can train the model.
So when you finish training the model,
your product has been completed.
That is, you do some interactive things on it.
I think it must have great value.
But it's the final icing on the cake.
This step is about the performance of your model
it has been polished in the process
and has been well adapted to these tools and environments, a good fit.
So it was completed during the training process. During the model training process, the product development was also completed.
After you have trained it,
your product is basically done.
You said last year that
the current development approach has evolved into needing to build a huge system.
For example, in the early 21st century, Google's information retrieval system
So today, what do you envision this massive system in the AI era will look like
Do you have any vision for the AI era?
more imagination compared to
such as the previous search-engine systems
and previous recommendation-engine systems?
But they are all adapted to different eras, each suited to its own era.
I think the complexity of current systems stems from
the goal of making the model universal.
universal
Introduces great complexity.
On the other hand, it's more complex.
On the other hand, it's more complex.
It's simple because
you just put everything into the same model.
You don't need to maintain so many models.
You don't need to have a bunch of routing strategies. Conceptually
or in terms of engineering implementation,
it becomes simpler.
But on the other hand, it will also become more complex.
Because we want it to be very general,
you hope that the model can work
it can work in various scenarios
For example, if you are making an agent model,
you don't want it to work only in your toolset.
You want people to use your model
it can work in other tool sets,
or even tools that it hasn't seen before,
or different definitions of tools
different implementation methods.
It can work.
This is actually very demanding.
For example, in an agent model,
there are now several distinct task types.
Whether it's a coding agent or a search agent
Search agent
or some other agents.
you want to put it into the same general model.
then there may be some conflicts.
Or maybe your tool definitions are different,
or the patterns of your data are different.
In the process of making it into a general model,
There are many technical challenges.
But if you don't make it a general model.
it doesn't generalize that well.
You can only do one thing. And especially now
because agents
it needs many steps to complete the task.
Yeah. Even programmers, they're not just about writing code.
or in the coding scenes,
it's not just about doing swe-bench.
So you find that, you've got to make something very general.
To make something truly useful,
as the number of steps grows
the higher the requirement for generality will be.
I think the system complexity, mainly reflected in
mainly reflected in the process of your
in the process of training the model,
you need to make it general enough
rather than overfitting to some single-point capabilities.
Well, OK, if you focus on a single capability,
you may have a good benchmark score,
but in fact, your generality may not be enough.
Right, I think this is the biggest challenge of the current system.
I can see the bigger challenge myself.
There is also an example.
For example, you want to add multimodal capabilities to this model. Right
Then you need to make this multimodal ability
not to damage its brain.
And you want to be in multimodal mode...
Multimodality just doesn't damage the brain, right?
Yes, it's good that you can not damage the brain.
You want one brain to serve
and in this text mode
You want to share one brain for both text modes.
it can stimulate the IQ of its text mode in a multimodal mode
and also stimulate the intelligence of its text mode in a multimodal mode, rather than not that.
It goes to another part of the parameters.
Then it might just completely lose
what it has learned from the text.
So when you make a general model,
you will face such challenge.
You have various modalities,
various task types
various aspects including agent, reasoning, chat,
All these things need to be integrated together.
I think there is such a challenge.
And now you not only do SFT
you also do RL,
so the challenge will be further aggravated.
That is, compared to just doing general-purpose
Pre-training is relatively easier.
As long as you put all the text
together.
There won't be too many problems.
But as you move to the later stages of post-training,
the closer you get to RL, the more serious this problem becomes.
I think this is the complexity of its system.
Look at the search engine system,
it is actually built on the PC Internet,
and the For You engine system is built on mobilephones.
on the mobile internet.
Where do you think the new chance will be?
In this AI era, where is the super node located?
It's going to be in lots of data center,
the so-called AI factory that Jensen Huang often talks about.
But there will certainly be many end points
I think there may still be some reusable ones at the end point.
May have new ones.
Will new interaction methods be born?
Sure. Chat is a new thing.
If you look back two years ago,
Chat was a new way of interaction
because there had never been human-machine dialogue like this.
Now agents actually bring many new interaction methods.
Right
For example, you can have it perform a task asynchronously.
and then you can see the intermediate results.
it's also a new interaction pattern.
There's probably more to come.
For example, in a multi-agent system
what interaction methods will emerge?
It may change with the boundaries of its capabilities.
Let's look at coding:
Initially in coding, you had Copilot,
then there was Copilot followed by Cursor
After Cursor comes Clock Code and then Claude Code.
But in fact, the interaction changes with each generation product.
And then you find that the interaction
It actually changes with the model.
Basically when you have a new generation model
and its ability has improved a lot,
you can find that your interaction can be changed.
You don't need to click one by one
whether to accept a modification.
but rather that I can execute it in multiple steps for an Agentic Coding task.
a coding task
So the interaction will change.
Of course, the interaction of Claude Code today
it is not its final form,
because your model will keep improving,
After improvement, its interaction will continue to evolve.
I think it's like this.
Do you think the scaling law has slowed down or not?
Gain low
Scaling Law is hitting a data wall.
I think this is definitely an objective fact.
And then, if you want to break through this data wall,
As I just said,
You must know that the data wall exists.
And then...
You need to scale more compute to RL.
On a variety of RL tasks.
But somehow, we now observe that
the speed of model improvement has not decreased.
It's even accelerating.
Why haven't AI products created a data flywheel?
It's because the scaling based on computing power is too powerful.
The scaling of computing power is too powerful.
I think that's one thing.
For example, you scale pretraining,
then you scale RL, the scaling of RL.
RL is much more efficient than pretraining.
Because it's on-policy training with negative gradients.
So its scaling effect is more efficient.
So when you have high scaling efficiency.
you will find that directly scaling computing
scale this FLOPs (that is, floating-point operations per second)—it brings very significant improvement.
So the other types of improvements seem small in comparison.
This is one aspect.
On the other hand, it's the so-called data-flywheel.
It relies heavily on the feedback from the external environment.
Then we don't want this feedback to have too much noise.
But now somehow, this problem has not been completely solved.
Because, noise... The learning of large models
The learning of large models is sensitive to noise.
It is very sensitive to noise.
It is different from traditional
For You systems are a bit different.
It is very sensitive to noise.
Now it seems that scaling based on FLOPs is more effective.
But this balance will change,
That could also be possible in the future. I mean, you can reduce the noise through new interactions
the noise of the signals you collect can be reduced
Is it requires creating a new interaction?
Yes, but
Your interaction design should adapt to the development of the model's capabilities.
Your interaction design should not exceed the model's capabilities.
You should design a good interaction within the model's current ability.
to design a good interaction within the model's current ability.
I think it's worth trying.
Just saying that, today,
you can scale the FLOPS
or improve its learning efficiency
both remain more deterministic.
And it seems to be a more efficient method. Hmm.
If, for example, Yan Junjie said
User data cannot enhance the intelligence of the model.
Then there seems to be no need to make toC products today.
We just need to focus on improving intelligence.
It depends on how you look at it
You still need a certain amount of users.
You have to know roughly what the user needs.
You may not be able to use user feedback data
some user feedback can be used directly for training.
But the advantage of having a certain number of users is that
you know the overall
for example, what is the distribution of needs
You know which features
which features are used well by users
and which are not.
Then you can abstract it into some
for example, evaluation evaluation
and then use it to optimize the model.
If your model is not used at all,
then you may not know where to optimize.
In addition, you also need to consider the commercial value of users.
Because I think
a new watershed.
That is to say, your users actually have the potential to generate commercial value.
For example, look at OpenAI.
Its C-end users actually generate a lot of commercial value.
It accounts for a relatively large proportion of its revenue.
And then... Especially now, you have many agent products
which can generate a lot of value end-to-end.
So your users are important.
It also depends on who your users are.
If you just chat casually,
asking about the weather
it may not have so much commercial value.
But if you are a professional user of agents-，professional users-
then that may bring significant productivity
value.
Things will become completely different.
Do you have any new ideas for the product?
I think it's more about making the model more powerful.
Because, as I just said, once the model has finished training.
the product is basically done.
Model as product, I think it's still true today.
We will follow this approach and keep doing it.
Some would say Kimi is from
Of course, you don't agree with being called China's OpenAI
but people will see it this way
you are transitioning from wanting
to be China's OpenAI
Do you want to become China's Anthropic?
Is there such a transformation?
I think it's hard to define it like that
Because China and the US are different.
And today, we need to stand in a global perspective
to think about this issue
I think the label 'the Chinese version of something'
may not be very valid.
I hope I can express it more simply.
That is to say, we hope to continue climbing the mountain
That's it. We need to be friends with time.
and with the Community together
to accelerate the advancement of this technology
I think this is what we want to do.
Well, let's talk about the business model.
How do you think about it?
Is API a good business?
I think there are two clear business models now:
One is API,
One is to develop proprietary products.
we will make some attempts, and we will try in both directions.
But our main priority today
is to continue to improve the model.
It's still our primary goal
But in the process of making the model better.
Yes
Let's say you're ahead in some way.
then
There will indeed be room for commercialization.
Because I think the overall market size today
has actually grown rapidly.
The leading companies probably have several billion
billions of dollars in AI
ARR and are growing rapidly.
Possibly doubling or tripling every one or two quarters.
such a situation I think
we will definitely observe it dynamically
and then maybe make some attempts.
But the main thing is to improve the model performance.
For example, if your model can truly reach
the level of Claude Opus,
and even surpass it,
then the opportunity will definitely be greater.
So we will spend more time to improve the performance.
Some of your users said they like Kimi very much,
but they are worried that Kimi can't make money.
What do you do
They are worried if Kimi can make money.
You should invest first.
I think whether you can make money
depends on, which is the performance, how well your model performs.
I think now... because I think the market, it is a the market
has been partially verified,
and is growing rapidly.
As I just said.
So I think we should focus on improving the technology.
The certainty of everything else
I think the certainty of everything else is even higher.
becoming so popular
How do you feel about this?
No, I haven't.
Just Fine.
I think it's still a long journey.
We will continue to work on the next generation of models.
Let's go back to the words engraved on the stone.
Two sentences, you will encounter new problems,
and then you solve them.
And this is, this is probably the most interesting part
This journey, what was unexpected in this entrepreneurial journey?
completely unexpected.
I think it's okay.
Basically, we have anticipated
Basically, we have anticipated all the difficulties.
Event though we don't know what the specific difficulties are.
I think the most interesting thing is
you never know what new technical problems will arise.
And how these new technical problems will be solved.
I think this is the most interesting part.
It's basically hard to predict.
If you can predict it, it's not so innovative. Yeah.
But I think this is the most interesting part.
That is you will always encounter new problems.
What is your current lifestyle like? The pace of life
I usually go to bed late.
What time? Haha, it's different.
Yes, it's different every day.
And it's okay.
I spend a lot of time thinking about how to train the model better.
So you spend most of your time training the model?
Yes.
But model training is a very abstract concept.
I think, I think one of the most important things
is your technology
some technological strategies.
I think this is probably
the most important part
is your technology strategy of your company strategy,
which determines what you should do
and what not to do next.
Because the technology innovation space is very large.
Yes. You always have to choose something to focus on.
What did you choose last year?
I think we have been right in many things
Bet is still effective we bet on
and relatively early on.
For example, the long-CoT RL.
we responded quickly.
Then the Muon optimizer.
Then the larger-scale pre-training.
Then
the first open agentic model.
Yes. I think these were our technical bets.
Or technical decisions.
I think it will determine, at least 50% to 60% of the company's direction.
50% to 60% of the company's direction
But you need to make good decisions,
you need a lot of evidence to support them,
and you need to run many experiments.
So you need to know the results of many specific experiments.
That is, what exactly is the situation of this thing?
And what about that?
And how it might develop in the future.
You can't make decisions off the cuff.
You need to know more information.
Yes, I think this takes a lot of time.
The second is that maybe in terms of specific techniques... Which of these characters have you struggled with the most?
Which of these characters have you struggled with the most?
takes the longest time
I think the most important decisions are, what you are going to do next
and what not to do
OK, among the decisions just mentioned,
which one took the longest time to think about. It's okay just because I think
the key is the process of collecting information.
Run the experiments
and see if the results are reliable.
Then combine the experimental results
combine it with your technical understanding
and make a decision.
In many cases, as long as you have sufficient data,
The judgment is relatively obvious, what's next?
Next, we keep thinking and running experiments.
we keep thinking and running experiments.
There are still many things to do.
At least for now, the potential
The performance potential of K2 has not been fully exploited.
What we released before
I think it's closer to a
It's closer to something like a base model.
I think like this Next,
Next, we can add more post-training FLOPs.
I think its upper limit should be much higher than it is now.
we will also work on the next generation model.
The next-generation model, will
I think there should be even more room for improvement
over the base model.
And then... but how do we do that?
We will make decisions
decisions are made through experiments.
Will you add multimodal?
Multimodality is a certainty.
You just said that as long as multimodal
As long as it doesn't interfere with intelligence, it's already quite good.
Right?
Yes yes
But you also need to do well
But you also need to excel in multimodal ability.
It's not easy to do well in multimodal ability itself.
Yes, it involves a lot of work.
And then how do you let it learn from the brain of the text,
instead of developing a separate brain.
For example, in your MoE, assuming you have twenty experts
assuming you have twenty experts
specialized in multimodality,
you probably don't want that to happen.
In that case,
you might end up with a stupid multimodal model.
We want it to be a smart multimodal model.
What are the upcoming significant
What are the upcoming significant technological milestones? Generalization maybe is one. Right.
I think so.
I think, the generalization of agent is
This might be the most important thing.
The most important thing is
Today is a problem that has not been completely solved.
Have you solved some of them?
We solved some. Right
but yes, what's the know-how? The know-how? We wrote it down, in the paper.
OK, right
that you can
You can construct as much diverse data as possible.
I think it's not just this And there is something more.
I think the key is to avoid
you use reinforcement learning
but you only fit it to a few tasks.
Because, as I said before,
the benchmarks, because benchmarks are currently limited,
so you optimize for the benchmark
it will cause your RL task
it may collapse into just a few points
This is what we don't want
Because on things you haven't observed,
it may drop a lot.
We are currently working on
finding more ways to solve it.
I think this will be very important.
And as I just mentioned, the support for long context,
We will keep exploring how to do it.
We aim to keep its IQ high
while extending its context.
I think this will be a very important issue.
Now, many long context architectures
it still affects model intelligence.
We don't want it to affect its intelligence.
Why does the Long Context architecture affect intelligence?
For example, if you do linear attention
your pure linear attention
it will affect intelligence.
Because the architecture is biased
This bias may in some scenarios make it less performant.
But to some extent, the problems can also be solved.
What are the relationship and boundaries between model companies and companies developing Agent products?
in the long run
What are the relationship and boundaries between them in the long run?
I don't have a clear answer to this question either.
it can only be said that Today,
Today, it seems that first-party products have an advantage.
as they can pursue vertical integration.
Because I can train the model within the environment,
so my model and tools are integrated.
It's not that they are done separately
and then reverse engineer it.
But because the agent space is so vast,
I feel that first-party approach may not be able to cover it all.
Right? So, it's possible that if you can find a space—
such as where implementing your tool
requires a lot of domain-specific
know-how or your evaluation know-how, or where the evaluation
is, is something that a first-party product may not consider
consider or do well.
I think there is a chance.
There are open-source models like K2
So, everyone can fine-tune on it
making it easier for you to generate
a specialized
the possibility of a vertical agent
I think this possibility
does exist to some extent.
It depends on how good the general model is, no matter to what extent.
But no matter how universal
some tools still have to be build.
So you may not necessarily have to build the model yourself,
you can make the tools very good.
And yes, if you make this tool too general,
it may overlap with the first-party product
the intersection will be quite large with first-party products, yes.
Ok, you still have a greater advantage in vertical integration.
However, if your tool is
tailored for one specific thing
then my tool is something that no one else can build,
Like what?
Today, if I have access to offline services,
then my tool is for placing orders or making transactions,
No one else can do it at all.
Then you might be able to generate some unique value.
Of course, I think there is another possibility:
that is, when your first-party product
or your universal agent
its traffic or business model matures sufficiently,
many exclusive or proprietary tools that were originally monopolistic
will voluntarily integrate with your product
because its overall commercial efficiency will be higher.
Yes
Yet improving commercial efficiency
I think it will take some time.
So, within this time window,
a proprietary agent might actually have its chance.
Right
But I think ultimately it's about generalization
Generalization is what makes it generalized, and why general agents can work
because its overall commercial efficiency will be higher.
So, even including many content platforms as I see it
you may eventually connect your content to the general agent
your monetization efficiency will be higher than today's
This is possible.
But it may take a long time
Companies like Manus, will they be your customers or your competitors?
In terms of ecology
I think it's still very early stage,
so it's hard to predict what it will be like.
And the product itself may also evolve. Yes.
So I think in the short term, it may be more of a cooperative relationship
Yes, it may be more cooperative than competitive
But it will indeed evolve in the future.
So, for example, it's somewhat like the relationship between Claude and Cursor
Cursor may also evolve dynamically,
it may also need to make some dynamic adjustments in product strategy.
On the one hand,
On the one hand, it needs to have some model capabilities.
But the curve is still very steep
On the other hand, can it have some
such as tools or environments that others cannot do.
I think these are all
These are all questions that cannot be answered directly now.
But
I think that the integrated advantage of first-party should exist.
Yes.
Which mountain would you describe K2 as?
Which mountain
Yes.
K2 is originally a
maybe the hardest mountain to climb in the world.
It just so happens that the name overlaps a bit.
Did you choose this name on purpose?
It happens to be. It's also K2.
Of course,
it's just that
But we also hope to say that first of all, it is not the end, right?
It is not the highest mountain.
It is the second highest, but it may be the hardest.
Because, you may, I think
because there have been many paradigm shifts,
for you, it might be from dialogue to agent.
the scale of your base model may also increase.
It inherently presents challenges.
So, it just happens. Anyway, it seems to be related to this.
Has the result exceeded your expectations?
No, it's within our expectations.
Anyway, because we already know how good the model will be
Actually, we already knew during the process.
There won't be any surprises, it's not like there will be any unexpected shocks or surprises
Did you have any aha moments during the process?
It's okay.
Because many things can be predicted.
It's because, I think, the more important thing is the ability to predict.
Because when you train a big model,
it first takes time
secondly, it requires significant cost
so we hope to predict as much as possible early on
and keep predicting. The only thing
that wasn't predicted
is the max-logit problem I just mentioned.
But there's really nothing we can do.
Because it can't be predicted at small-scale
we hope to predict everything else
we hope to predict everything else as well as possible.
So when you have clearly validated everything beforehand
everything has been clearly validated
and then scale
Then the probability of scaling success is relatively high.
Um okay, what do you think
Zhang Xiangyu said that next-token prediction has a fundamental flaw.
Do you know this?
I don't know. He means that
as the model size increases
conversation, knowledge, and emotional intelligence improve
but reasoning ability—
especially in mathematics—first improves and then plateaus
first improve, and then declines
Okay, so he thinks that using larger models,
such as doing math problems, they tend to skip steps
and dishonest he thinks
This is the essential flaw of next token prediction
Right
So you need the scaling of
I think it's reinforcement learning. Indeed, if you don't do reinforcement learning today,
it's hard to say that the model is very smart.
OK, or, like math problems,
it may not perform very well.
But indeed, but I do think that with a larger base model
the upper limit of reinforcement learning in a larger base model
the upper limit of reinforcement learning will be higher.
Well, OK, because, because it has more knowledge.
Essentially, the key is to activate a reasoning paradigm
that unlocks the knowledge
Then the base model's knowledge. Essentially, a bigger base model has a higher ceiling,
but you must pair it with RL to activate it.
Yes. What about the world model? Um.
One way of saying it is that building a world model is creating a world.
Being an agent is making people.
Um, so as I just said,
using AI to train AI, kind of like training a world model.
Hmm, if you have a good world model.
you simulate these things,
That is the method of training AI with AI.
its generalization will be much better.
I think this could be a way to achieve better generalization.
One possibility
One of your investors said that
the first time he met you.
You start talking about what GPT-10 might look like
What do you think GPT-10 looks like now? So what did I say?
Will there still be a ten here?
What did I say?
he, the reason he was deeply impressed by you
because the first time you met him,
you didn't talk about, what GPT4
what GPT-5 looks like
instead, you talked about what GPT-10 will look like.
I don't remember what I said.
OKOK, so he has a deep impression of you.
OKOK, I think, but actually I think
But actually, I think what we've done today has already
Many things we envisioned before seem to be coming true.
For example,
For example, you can really complete tasks for several hours.
Yes. I think the development is very fast.
But I think overall, you just build
just gradually build more evaluations
and then break through the generalization challenge. The process, I do
I actually think it seems
This seems relatively clear.
What know-how have you gained from the evaluation?
We are also exploring.
The world model you just mentioned,
can be considered part of it.
Right, but how to achieve it?
I think we still need more experiments
Right, do you have any new ideas or thoughts about the organization in the past year?
No new thoughts.
No good question.
Good question. I've been thinking about something recently.
that is, Um.
There's a few things that seem to be connected.
If you look at the process of doing scientific research,
or the process of creating new knowledge,
it's like a reinforcement learning process.
That is to say, there is a theory called empiricism.
It is said that people acquire new knowledge from experience.
It comes from experience, right
And then later, many people have different opinions, they think it's not like that
In fact, humans have been on this earth
Have existed for a very long time.
But three or four hundred years ago
no one said that the earth is a sphere.
we have been in this experience.
but don't know what the truth is.
So, experience does not directly give you this knowledge.
but you put forward a conjecture.
You're observing something.
and then you propose a hypothesis that I think, the earth might be round.
and then you try various ways to verify it.
Including training this neural network now.
You may observe hundreds of thousands of internal indicators
you observe that some internal indicators may be wrong.
Then you just observe directly, you can't gain new Knowledge.
You just put forward a conjecture
why it is like this.
Then you design some experiments to verify it
So, this is probably what we think is the better way now.
Of course, maybe all good scientific research methods are like this.
But somehow these things seem to be connected.
because you discover that managing a team is
similar to this concept.
Yes, you want to... manage a team in an RL way
but this is or an SFT way, and this is what Tim tells me every day.
You need to, you feel that you should manage it in this RL way
instead of using SFT.
Of course now you'll find that good techniques should combine these two methods.
When you do RL,
you actually want to add some SFT.
Because SFT is a good prior
It's called PTX loss.
And you don't want this model to fly too far.
You have to control yourself.
That is to say, you have to control yourself. You can't use SFT too much.
If you use SFT too much, your employees
your employees
Will lose their subjective initiative,
and then they can't innovate.
I'm doing some practice on this point now.
It seems to have some effect.
The key is to master the balance between SFT and RL.
SFT means you directly give them orders,
which means this thing should be done like this
RL means you give him, top-down.
RL means giving it a reward.
if he does it like this,
it might be good.
More often, it reflects in the goal.
And then...
I think these two things may need some balance.
And maybe we focus more on RL
Yes. And then use some SFT to prevent it
Fly too far
You still have to have some prior control or
To prevent it from forgetting something
I think these seem to be connected in some way, are connected.
RL seems to be a very essential thing.
How to inspire your organization to innovate?
It is also essentially an RL.
But
In the RL process, how to set a good reward or indicator
It is not a simple thing.
For example, if you just say at the end that
I just want to make all benchmarks very high
you may have many overfitting problems.
Here's why. Everyone will do whatever it takes
to increase the score.
But after doing that, you find that
the model doesn't seem to have improved.
This is the problem that may occur
So the definition of the reward is very important.
Or you need to have a thorough understanding of how this reward is defined
how it works.
Otherwise, there will be Reward hacking.
How to define reward
It is an important topic.
Do you have any ideas?
You should build more observation indicators,
and try not to overfit.
So, I think it is somewhat effective.
That's how you can generalize better
and not be hacked.
The biggest challenge when you manage the team in an RL way
The biggest problem is that you can easily be hacked.
When the reward was hacked,
everyone seemed to happy
and it seems that the results are good,
but in fact, it doesn't achieve what you ultimately want.
This is the risk.
The risk of managing teams with SFT
is that, people lose their creativity.
Right
So in the end you want
to a certain extent, to strike a balance.
But I'm also learning about this.
I think, I'm sure I can't do it perfectly today.
but maybe also gradually learning
understand it.
Have you had any low moments in the past year?
I think it's okay.
Something that works
and some things don't.
When you solved some problems,
and new problems will arise.
As I just said,
So I think it's process.
I think, as long as you find it interesting.
You will always want to continue doing it.
Do you have a new understanding of the CEO role?
My latest understanding is how to balance RL and SFT
and avoiding reward hacking.
Well, for me
I think this might be very important
In fact, Kimi has also been peaks and troughs in the past year, fluctuating back and forth.
What was your mentality during that time?
Do you need to balance your mentality?
To be a friend of time anyway.
The real person's mentality is not so simple.
I think you will have highs and lows
as you just said,
And I think, um, maybe the most important thing is
or you just like doing this thing
and want to do it well.
So you don't have to think about anything else.
you just think about how to do it well.
So it seems relatively simple.
I think there is nothing particularly complicated.
There are many complexities, are artificially added.
In fact, it's not that complicated.
How much do you understand human nature?
I think, it still needs time to polish.
I don't think I've gone that deep
You can only say that it is in your own story, you constantly feel
what kind of person you are.
And why you want to do this thing.
Right? I think it's about constantly thinking about these questions.
what kind of person you are
why you do this thing.
Just because it's interesting. Hmm.
So
Of course it is，What's interesting?
Is it interesting to do experiments?
Or doing scientific research? Uh.
It's interesting to do AI, the process of searching for the truth.
It's about constantly discovering new problems
and solve them.
You can also solve other problems.
Why do you want to solve this problem?
Yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, that's a important question.
Or rather... which problem is important?
I think AI is very important
It's because... I also asked Kimi this question
it told me that this thing is...
AI is an amplifier of human civilization.
I think it makes sense
It's back to the beginning of infinity.
From the Enlightenment to the present,
humans have been finding new ways
to break through the boundaries of Knowledge.
But maybe the next breakthrough will indeed rely on AI.
Because it is a huge lever.
And then, for example, in any cutting-edge discipline today,
it takes you decades
or twenty or thirty years, you can learn the most cutting-edge Knowledge.
But AI may learn it overnight.
Then you can make new breakthroughs.
AI will become a meta-science.
I think it is important: an amplifier of human civilization.
I think yes. Could it destroy human civilization?
I think
I think first of all the risk, this risk definitely cannot be said to be nonexistent.
But there's so much we can do,
whether you're talking about safer alignment methods
or better social mechanisms,
I think these things are...
For example, when it can do something
There's a good chance it will
for example, creating new jobs.
We need to have some methods to complete this transition.
In the end, the progress of technology is inevitable.
Yes.
I actually asked Kimi this question exactly.
It says that although there is such a risk,
But we probably can't give up on this.
Because if you give up on this,
you will give up the upper limit of human civilization.
You just don't know what the upper limit can do.
Just a little bit of the feeling of giving up eating because of choking.
But I admit that, we need to do a lot of things,
especially when you see many AI capabilities today
I think it's a bit shocking.
Because you couldn't have imagined half a year ago
that it can achieve such a level now.
We need to do many things,
many things
And at the same time. I think, the unique value of human beings
In this process, it will still exist.
such as human experience
Human emotions and the like cannot be replaced by AI.
So maybe we will have different ways of living.
But different
I hope that I can live a better life
What a different way to live?
I used to think that
everyone's life may have several different meanings.
It's about creating, experiencing and loving.
Of course, everyone is different.
This is my opinion.
But I think in the creation, a large part of it
maybe AI can do it.
I still enjoy the process.
But you have to admit that
one day,
a lot of creative work will be done by AI.
But I think the latter two
are going to be people-centric.
But if creation were to take away
It literally takes away productivity.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter, because people can enjoy the results of production.
If we have a good mechanism,
we still need to change the social mechanism.
Yes yes
Yes,but it's a slow process.
It doesn't mean you finish it in a year or two
It may take ten or twenty years to gradually adjust.
Do you chat with Kimi frequently?
Of course. I have to test the model, so I use it a lot.
Do you talk about some profound topics with him?
Sometimes，or topics that are very self-centered.
Sometimes. For example, what topics do you talk about?
Besides what I just mentioned.
It's okay, there are also some work-related issues.
Do you think Kimi's chance of success has increased today?
or the failure probability?
Compared to when?
compared to a year ago
I think it has increased because
our success probability
the success probability.
Because I think it's just that every time you climb up
your success probability will increase.
some people might not continue to climb.
Are you terrified of falling off?
I think there must be fear.
But it's more likely, more often it may be to
but be, Follow focus on
what you can do in the current step.
Sometimes it may be more important to think about this.
Do you think you have taken detours in the past?
Definitely
as I just mentioned
you will make many decisions in this process.
some are, for example, business decisions and some are business decisions.
I think it's important to say
Uh
one by one company
the ability to gradually adjust in this process
For example, like knowledge creation, it is also a similar process.
That is, you cannot create knowledge.
Everything is right.
You will find that some things are also wrong, right?
But it may be right for a period of time.
And then, but it could be wrong for a while.
But when he does it
You have to make adjustments
For example, many of Newton's theories.
It was the best theory at the time.
But it's not a perfect theory.
It has bugs.
In some scenarios, it is a completely wrong theory.
Gravity needs some other explanation.
and some explanations of relativity.
Explain it through the distortion of space-time.
I think it's the same.
Is that I think the evolution of the organization or
or a company's development
It's a dynamic process.
And any intermediate point is right at some time,
and some time may be wrong.
That's what Kimi told me.
That is, it says any intermediate state will be criticized.
the object or something like that
Anyway, it's something like that.
That is to say, I think that everyone is limited by their era.
I feel
And perhaps more importantly,
How do you go about this process?
I think, firstly, invest in something that may remain unchanged,
Like your accumulation of talent and technology
And then, adapt and adjust in the process.
adapt and adjust
and you can respond to, whether it is feedback signals
Or the state of your environment changes
and make some decisions and adjustments.
I think these two things are very important.
In the AI era,
products are completely different from internet products.
Because internet products will expand DAU through advertisement
and expand the market size.
But AI products are very different.
That is, its model ability has improved.
And then after raising that bar
It can naturally acquire customers
But I got a customer and I don't know what to use it for.
That is. So I don't know what it is. How to balance this
It's not always natural.
I think it depends on which of the two variables is larger.
But you do
it's hard to say that through advertisement to win this war.
I think it's hard
Um, OK, but it may be more of an auxiliary means
It's just that your auxiliary means
between your main means
What kind of ratio is it?
It may be a dynamic adjustment, okay?
It also depends on your current commercialization progress
or your, how strong your PMF is.
At different times, there may be different strategies.
Even this strategy may, maybe in a year or two,
you may find it is a good strategy again.
I don't think so.
I think, we should look at this thing with a more open mind.
But maybe at each point in time,
is the most important thing, is to see which is the biggest variable.
I think this is quite an important thing.
OK, the biggest variable today is still intelligence.
Right
It's still about climbing the mountain, still about climbing the mountain.
Why do I ask you? Various emotions
you said, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay.
So when was the last time or the last two times
What was the situation when you felt excited?
And for what?
To not be overjoyed by success, nor discouraged by failure.
To not be discouraged by failure.
This is my... Then tell Kimi, right?
It's hard to do.
Right
But, I think it's to avoid some emotional decisions.
So you get emotional?
Of course, because you are human.
but I mean, maybe avoid some emotional decisions.
ultimately, in decision-making and execution,
Let's be more rational.
What has been your greatest growth? In the past year
I think it's the realization of a principle,
that problems are inevitable
and they will always exist.
and continuously solve new problems.
I think it's the most important, and maybe the most interesting.
I think this is a change in mentality
Right.
Sure, it could change a lot of the way you do things.
Right. So that's one way of thinking about mindfulness, right?
I don't know how to understand it.
But it's probably similar.
Are you more excited today than you were a year ago?
Yes, because I think there are two factors.
One is that, on the one hand, I'm more adapted to this state.
so it will reduce the level of excitement.
On the other hand, you find that AI is progressing rapidly.
that you find that AI has improved rapidly,
so the excitement value increases.
So I think
Basically, it may remain at a relatively stable level.
I'll ask you a few questions., quick questions and answers.
A food you like globally.
Food. Yes, Ramen. Why? Because it's delicious, hahaha.
A little-known but must-know knowledge points.
I don't seem to be good at answering this kind of question.
Of all the books you have read
recommend two must-read books.
There's one that I've been talking about.
Yes.
Just recommend this one. What are the most important papers that affect AI?
the most important
the most important papers are backpropagation
Then, uh, yeah, transformer, I think it definitely counts. Um.
Yes, and then. Maybe GPT, GPT3
Yes, and then. Of course, there are some, some are building blocks
I think are also very important.
That is, like ResNet
I think it's also important
That is, it may be the basis for optimization.
And Adam, but now there may also be Muon, based on current knowledge,
the most crucial bet.
the most critical bet, the generalization of agents.
With Innovation
using L4 to do L3.
Yeah. What's the latest epiphany?
I don't know, I feel my mind has gone blank.
I've already said everything for a year.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
